It was on sale. I wanted to see what the fuss was all about. Played it for an hour. Regret buying it.As a survivor there's no real reward in completing generators. Sure you just move on to the next one (where there's 5 in total) and so on. Whenever the killer gets you there is a "Press to wiggle" function. This gives you a chance to break free from the killer and escape. He then drags your over to a hook. where he will impel you untill a survior comes to your aid. It would've been a great feature if the hooks weren't 2 inches from each other. And if you are new to the game and are a low level character there's not much fun in it for you. You have to grind and grind your character to a certain level before you can start to have a slight of a chance. And those perks includes things like tool boxes which makes you repair generators faster a simple flashlight so you can see! and so on. This game introduces itself in the worst way. Looks like fun when you watch someone else play it. And it doesn't explain you that you need to put hours into it before you can perhaps enjoy it. Steam library uninstall forever Take my money
Playing with your friends is not usually possible due to bugs but is quite fun when it does work
had many hours played only for this piece of crap dev poor game to crash and RESET EVERYTHING ive accomplished... to never get back....never got help from both this platform AND the devs of the game for my refund OR my data back......
I honestly never do reviews and could care less to do them but this game has really struck a cord. I bought this game while it was on sale a week ago and as soon as I played it I "screamed" with horror and joy. There was finally a horror game I could play with friends and have fun with. However once I started playing more I noticed some killers seemed a tier above others and completely overpowered. So I looked at the list of killers and soon realized that those characters were the ones you had to buy. I initially shrugged it off and thought maybe it was just coincidence that those were the ones always beating my friends and me. But the more we played the more I saw the trend of us losing to these "pay to win" killers. You would run into someone who has over 400 hrs in game but were low rank with these killers and being new players to this game we would get creamed.Now I know it isn't all fair with the normal killers so I think things should change there but my gosh the skill difference between these paid killers and normal survivors (especially for new players) can just ruin the entire game! I mean it gets pretty annoying when you have Michael Meyers slashing you from 4 ft away and follow you through every obstacle and gaining on you to be killed. Then have the killer at the end of the game calling you "an alternative name for a cat" and to do better (even though he has 500 hrs in game and ranked the lowest you can be).Honestly I would rather watch Zombeavers than play a potentially great horror game.
you can't queue as 2 or 3 man only with full premade still not fixed for more than 2 months now
Самая унылая игра! (да в пошаговые стратегии играть интереснее) 100000000000000000000000000000/10
....trash
I have played this game a ton. The concept is fun enough but there are some big outstanding issues. Trying to find a match is a nightmare. We've waited more than 20 minutes before giving up. If this was an early access title most of the problems could be forgiven. But it isn't. Friday the 13th The Game and Last Year is just a few months away and look a bit more promising.While I have definitely got my money's worth but until some of the big bugs are fixed I would recommend buying this on sale.
THİS GAME İS GOOD BUT MOSTLY CRUSH GAME Survivals is die ? Ok exit the game is realy big bug
The game is fun when it works many other reviews nail that part. However the key phrase is when it works. My game lets me join maybe 1 in 15 attempts.... Yes my system and internet connection are very stable. Go figure... Careful what you spend your money on! Update Totally impossible to play online in this game it crashes every time I join a match. Good thing there's an offline singleplayer mode!.... oh
Terrible matchmaking system with long queue times
Decent game horrible servers 0/10 would not buy.
Please distribute lobbies according to regions as they are in other games because I can not find survivors when I'm a killer.
Waiting simulator...
A great game concept with a lot of unfortunate issues. Still plenty of fun to play when you get to play.If they ever fix matchmaking I would definitely recommend (latest patch indicated issues were resolved that were not. At least a step in the correct direction).11/13 Update I am still going to leave this as a negative review. Matchmaking is still ed however you can now play a game (it's just not going to be matched very well). The developers focus too much on introducing new content and doing cash grabs rather than fixing the game which is a very unfortunate thing. Still fun to play just a very much broken game that they show no intentions of fixing.
This game was fun until the Devs decided to nerf survivors over and over along with buffing a Killer that was already overpowered. Unless you can play with friends then this game is definitely not for you. What was a fun game has turned into a broken bug riddled and biased game that will eventually die good riddance. If I could get my money back I would and I never complain about games or write reviews.
i enjoyed the game but while playing there where sevral gliches and i could barley play
Had a ton of fun with this game for awhile until they released Freddy. Freddy isnt only game shatteringly broken he completely drains all the fun out of the game absolutely refuse to play any survivor until they actually do something about Freddy. Instead of pretending the slight tweaks they did as a "nerf". After weeks they still refuse to fix him. Would NOT recommend in it's current state.
If you get good at the game look forward to a banned.
Why when i enter in the game it says Failed to lauch the game? (i have a good pc)
Loved the game at first one that I was really excited about but with newer updates it seems to just break the game. Literally wait 20 minutes just to play a game and then to be kicked out because there is a cheater detected or wait 20 minutes just for the game to crash. As I am writing this I am waiting 20 minutes just to get into a game please stop with the updates. As of right now I wouldnt recommend this game to anyone until the main issue of actually getting to play the game is fixed.
Dodgey and crap security is terrible loads of campers i report but dont get banned. That includes swearing farming and other abuses load of those idiotic people do. My word to anyone who wants to buy this garbage it is a waste of money. The devs should lower the price and highten the security because i have loads of people abusing me so i report them but dont get banned. The flippin vids aren't even game footage. (
I've played the game for a while now and I've had fun with the game so far but now we come to where the game stops working. When you reach a certain point in the game where most player knows the "best places" to run to when they see the killer this is where the game have completely broken. It is intended that the survivors must hide or work together to outwit the killer not just use "infinite juke spots" where it is quite impossible as killer to stop or catch the survivors.This makes the killer to suddenly completely miserable it is a bad section of "Tom and Jarry" a stupid hunter being ridiculed by a small mouse and it's not the one compares measurements with a dangerous killer.It makes me sad because it's a great game right up to this point and I would like to see it done otherwise I do not think it can develop more and probably ends when the other games in the same genre is released.
Can't even find a game IGN 10/10There's no actually way of queueing for a game you have to press ready every time after pressing it for like 30 minutes straight never managed to get into a game awful developer choice
This game may be fun in concept but it is the most bug filled game I've ever seen. The way you get most out of it is just to screw around with your friends to have fun. Every other game you WILL find a bug that prevents you from doing something. YOU WILL find a killer that has likely over 300 latency that rubber bands your character all over the map. Devs WILL refuse to cater to the public opinion and refuse to balanced or patch things. It is so blatantly obvious that the devs wanted to cash in on some quick bucks with an unfinished game. It's fun if you have a group of 4 friends to play this game with. But if you're a solo player trying match making? I would never recommend this even with a gun pointing at me.
ranking system needs to be fixed pls rank 20 vs a rank 1 killer like really ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
No ai poor tutorials very little chance to start playing without everyone off.I can't recommend this game because I don't feel as though I'll ever have the chance to start playing without ruining it for everyone else. It feels like I'm trying to enter a club and I don't meet the proper requirements when I start. This would be less of a bother if I had ai bots to fail in front of a proper tutorial or at the very least a method of organizing players by their ranks so I'd fail as much as everyone else. This game has none of the above. (IF it does have a method of organizing players by rank then it seems awfully strange how everyone is already at their top ranks and nobody seems to be new to this at all considering how I was just dropped in the middle of expirienced players. Twice.) As a killer you can't just kill a survivor. You'll have to attack the survivor then drag his/her body to a meat hook HOPING that another survivor didn't break it all within a certain period of time. I've been told that you CAN kill a downed survivor if you can find a "memento" which I find to be completely rediculous. If you're a killer aren't you supposed to.....well kill people!?As a survivor fixing a generator requires a quicktime action. Because the developers will not have mentioned this ANYWHERE you will most likely fail the first time you touch a generator and either get slaughered because of it or hurt your team's chances at survival because of it.This isn't tf2 pd2 csgo etc. where you can fail in front of ai bots or recieve proper tutorials. This is a polished yet unfinished game that you have to pay for in more than one way. It MIGHT improve over time but as of now I wouldn't recommend you play it at all unless if you know 2 3 other people who also play it.If you want a good slasher game where you play as the killer I'd recommend "Party Hard". It's storyline is decent most of your attacks are stealthy and strategic and the best part You aren't expected to know what you're doing before you're supposed to know what you're doing.
The fact that the killer can leave mid game and cause you to loose a survivor rank is just idiotic and should have been fixed before they even released the ranking system in the first place... not happy with this game.
This is maybe 20% of a game. Not worth the money at all with all the bugs and problems. I have 3.5 hrs on record and probably only 40 minutes spent actually getting to play the game.
I payed 20$ for this game and it worked for a while. But after the recent update (which I couldn't even install till I uninstalled the game 2 times) I can't even join a lobby without my game crashing or being sent back to the "join lobby" button. It worked before but now I can't even play.
I love this game but the pay to win and unbalanced gameplay kills it.
This is the opposite of fun.
I really want to like this game check that I actually really do like this game. The night I purchased this I bought it along with four other friends and we played a few hours in a private group the issue came when one person left....We quickly realized that this game has no public match group support so you can solo q or well you can solo q. If you dont happen to have a full group of five people then you arn't even able to private q so basically you are unable to play with friends. More over not only can you not play with friends you can't even play with the community. Basically there are no redeeming social aspects to the game and for that I give it a huge thumbs down. I have read that the dev is "working" on making group play a real thing but before that they want to make sure people who drop out of games early are punished better. I don't understand why this game even has a ranking system or trys to promote any kind of e sports functions. If it was a lets try to survive a psycho killer with your friends that had all the fun and screams that I enjoyed with a full group of people then it would be a home run. Sadly Starbreeze Studios really dropped the ball on this one. I would check back in on this to see if they fix the social issue because it is super fun just not alone.
I have never been past the title screen of this game because every time I open it I simply get the message "cannot connect to online services." There are threads upon threads upon threads about this problem posted on the steam community boards and yet there has still been no firm solution for how to fix it and from I can see the devs give little to no about fixing the issue for the people who have spent their money on this game. Don't waste your money on this game. Spend it on anything else.
The devs are so imcompetent and plebian that it is no surprise that people hack the out of this one. Don't buy this game.
+ its fun+ addicting P2P games. even thought its not F2P Unbalanced MM
They removed infinite. semi infinite still in game. infinite pellet loops that let the killer chase u for 10 min all gens done.devs are stubborn and never play in Rank 1 games the game is still heavily survivors favors.u are encouraged to taunt the killer and u get little to no points for being stealthy.Devs will never understand the issue of the game
Game is fun when it wants to work but matchmaking is garbage. If you have friends good for a few hours but definitely a bargain bin buy.
Product received for free. Last 10 matches Got spawned right next to a killer Got instantly found like they had wallhack Got hooked Got facecamped Got 280 points at the endPros Facecamping simulator 2k17 Op everywhere Learning new swearings from 9 yr olds Kids claiming they are my dad/mom/sister/aunt Getting sent back to my mother's by 10 yr olds Lag simulator 2k17 Bug simulator 2k17 Paid dlc simulator 2k17 Every update is breaking the gameCons Great game. 9/11 would play again in 10 years. I still feel robbed even though i got this as a gift
Fun for the first 2 matches and then it becomes repetetive and boring.
Each time i try playing this game it either gives me error 100 connection error or SAYS IM PLAYING SPACEWAR WHEN I BOUGHT THE GAME. For the Actual 30mins i actually played around 2 YEARS AGO i enjoyed it. But since this has been a constant problem each time i tryed playing and even after contacting steam and the dead by daylight team about this error i still can play. Would i recommened this? Hell no. Fix your game.
This game is literally no fun if you dont play it with friends.But it is 100% recommended with friends.
This is one of those times where I wish that Steam had a neutral setting I don't feel absolutely qualified to give the end all point of view on this game but I think the first look of a newcomer is a valuble perspective to look at.The game is an absolute thrill to jump onto with a group of friends and is the only way I can really recommend the game. From the menu screen to the perk tree from the game to the afterwards eveything is downright atmospherically creepy. The "uneasy" horror feeling is very well captured. Whether you're screaming and running from the killer or desperately fixing a generator the game succeeds in bringing out that heart pounding exhilaration of Outlast or Penumbra.However after a few hours you can already see the writing on the walls. The game takes itself a bit too seriously it seems. IMO this game is best as a scary casual experience but like with most games a few select people want it to be more than that. You might be a little noob laughing your off and running around aimlessly with your friends... The killer has over 500 hours of experience has mastered their character of choice has memorized every map layout knows all spawn location patterns all generator points etc. The game's counter to this is a constant balancing tweaking reworking everything from perks to villains. This again in turn supports the feeling that the game is trying to be something its not... some kind of actual competitive skill based gameplay for the few who take it way too seriously rather than the masses who just want fun.I will return in future dates with my friends and update my review accordingly I just hope they make the game more casual terror filled fun as opposed to a competitive wipe the floor meta experience )
another broken game that waited too long.if thats not enough heres another reason the game is dead we couldnt find anyone with either trying solo play or with each other and with 4 different areas and different internet providers im calling this game as dead.
I have just recently played this game i was taken in by it's uniqe killer vs survivors theme and hunting down my freinds was great fun since it involves strategy and thinking outside the box. However this game fell on its face the second i realized you cant even level up in private matches at first it seems understandable they dont want poeple to mine for xp that is untill you realize NO ONE WANTS TO PLAY WITH A LEVEL 1 SURVIVOR and good luck with the match making system that will put you in a group of level 20 people who will imediatly quit apon seieng you forcing you to get lucky on whos in the lobby. This poor execution leaves alot to be desired and needs major overahul before it becomes a playable multiplayer experience.
First of all The Game is really good. BUTThe Support is just horrible!!! There is a Bug known for almost a year called "Lost Progress".As the Name already calls it out there is a chance to loose your Progress like i did and now im waiting for more like 1 Month to get Points or anything in exchange but the Support just doesnt care.. Of course it's way more important to release new DLC's and SH** instead of helping the Players with their problem. Already sent 3 Mails wrote personally with a Mod but it changed nothing. edit Got an answer like 1 5 months after the problem occured. I got Bloodpoints in exchange (not enough for the time i played) and my "legacy" skin is gone too. ______________________________________________________________If you wanna play Killer go ahead and buy the Game. But if you want to play Survivor don't even think about it. With each Patch the Developers somehow nerf the Survivors and buff the Killers (With Perks and other Changes) so as a Survivor Main i can't enjoy this Game anymore.
Unbalanced game a lot of bugs the networking and matchmaking does not work you get kicked for no reason it freezes you disconnect the game just goes on when you close it. Overall it might be fun with friends if you get it on sale but that s about it. It also lacks broader gameplay as it s basically always the same procedure.
Just played a game where the player and killer work together to farm points. No way to leave match or report players. When players ruin a game and devs don't clean up the bad apples I don't see much reason to play. There a so many good games out there I don't need to waste my time on this garbage.
bag of literally everyone uses exploits..
This game is a joke. I lost progress because I had to Alt + F4 due to infinite loading.
Don't buy it right nowYou cannot play with your friends unless you have exactly 4 other people.The variety of maps characters and gamemodes are very lacking.The bloodweb (upgrade skill tree) is a unique system that I love but it needs more refinements. Lackluster matchmaking if you want to play solo killer. Evolve is better in that respect.I will edit my review if any of this changes. But it is not worth the money right now.
When the game first came out everything was good! Now it seems the developers are making this game worse as they keep updating and updating. That's some stuff you can really overlook however what makes this game bad is the community. People complain about killers that need a buff and survivors need debuff which the developers get sensitive about and just go along whatever the community wants them to do. Another thing are the campers/ area camping. There are killers that camp near you to prevent you from escaping regardless if other survivors are trying to rescue you. This has been going on since the beginning when the game was released and the developers refuse to do something about it cause they dont see it as a "big deal". Hopefully they deal with the campers and tje unbalanced killers as well such as myers and the doctor.
I lost all my data all my work Pretty GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDD JOOOOOOObbbb soooo farrrrrrrrrrrrrr
The game is really nice overall but it is really hard to come into the same lobby as a friend iiif you are not playing as a 5 man lobby.
I am so glad I was able to play this for free and NEVER WAISTED my money on this game. I absolutly hate this game. Firday the 13th is so much better. You are baseing this game on reaction time NOT SKILL!!! Where is the challange in that? This coupled with the fact that every thing is super slow to accomplish but the killer is much faster!! This is only good if you are the killer. The game is not ballanced in this reguard. I do not recomend it. Thank you for the opertunity to try it but I will be uninstalling it.
If you wiggle as soon as you get picked up from a bear trap you can make the serial killer into a orbital killer. The game is overall kinda meh. Some enjoyment to be had but gets repetetive after a bit. On a random plus you can play as Bill from left for dead.
I love this game I really do but there are so many flaws. For example MM's Evil Within 1 terror radious. It makes them so easy to camp the survivors. I know you said you aren't doing anything about camping after it being abused but at least try no matter how much abuse it gets. Make that 15% that are fair and play the game normally happy and try. If not your game may die from F13 (it unlikely but it's always possible).Or another thing pallet looping or sitting at pallets. Bloodlust helps a chase end quicker but they can fall into a pallet looper's tricks even easier now and get stunned over and over and OVER! I have an idea to stop this or at least make it harder for those who sit around make it so only a pallet can be dropped while running.There are many other things I could complain about but i would be sitting here for hours.Please BHVR step up your game with this. I have hope for this game but with all the easy to do exploits I'm starting to lose it.
bajs
Was once a great game. Sadly the game has devolved into an unbalanced mess. Poor design decisions have resulted in toxic gameplay and a negative community. The game is now full of trolls and bullies.
sick
Playing with your friends is not usually possible due to bugs but is quite fun when it does work
Altough the community is very Toxic with facecamping killers to teabagging survivors I keep coming back to Dead by Daylight to spend my time. With each progress you feel some accomplishment and never feel like your time being wasted. There is a good balance between killers and survivors (sometimes they fk up the balance with a new killer) but that's solved with a quick update most of the time!
There's still alot of glitches in the game but in terms of gameplay its actually pretty good.
As a survivor you have a choice 1. let your friend(s) die working alone and die2. save your friend(s) killer chasing you and die together.10/10 would die over and over
Altough the community is very Toxic with facecamping killers to teabagging survivors I keep coming back to Dead by Daylight to spend my time. With each progress you feel some accomplishment and never feel like your time being wasted. There is a good balance between killers and survivors (sometimes they fk up the balance with a new killer) but that's solved with a quick update most of the time!
Nov 2017 This game is reaching the potential that it first had the developers are far more thoughtful when it comes to problems they dont rush to bring out unbalanced DLC to make more money. This game is a lot of fun.You need a thick skin to play killer you will always have salty survivors you killed being toxic. BUT if you play this game with the intention of it being for fun and dont care about dying or about making sure someone dies on a hook (camping) then this game is a whole lot of fun. Try it you might just love it.Nov 2016 This game all depends on your outlook. If you are easily triggered by other players features in a game that make it unfair or developers that dont fix issues that are underlying in the game (camping Infinites etc) then this game wont be for you.Its got issues which are slowly being worked out. There should be a patch on the day I am writing this review to lessen the grind for perks and prestige. HOWEVER if you play this game for fun (and not too focused on getting points or the full win) then this game is fantastic. If you play the game how the devs envisioned it to be played (its not too hard to work out what the wanted dont be a and ruin the game for other people i.e camping) then this game is very good fun especially with teammates. You must have a thick skin though and be prepared to ignore the salt that happens at the end of every game from the people that will whine at you. Killer get this much worse so many surviors will rage at you regardless of what you did in the game.
I can easaly recommend this game to anyone sure its going to be hell when you start but after like 200 hours you are going to get the hang of it finnaly get that 4k game or do your first 360 juke. It will be a trip..... a trip you will never forget.( btw watch streamers or good youtubers play it it helps to become better ALOT)Honestly everyone says that this game is bad this game is toxic this game has a very bad community this game has bad devs its unbalanced its buggy But actully is it realy.....that bad? Most people who say thease things have alot of hours on the game alot of hours on the game means you enjoyed it i did and i still do. Sure maybe the developers make a mistake (every update) but it doesnt make the game unplayable.... I want this game to succeed and i want new map makers (please).
I honestly never do reviews and could care less to do them but this game has really struck a cord. I bought this game while it was on sale a week ago and as soon as I played it I "screamed" with horror and joy. There was finally a horror game I could play with friends and have fun with. However once I started playing more I noticed some killers seemed a tier above others and completely overpowered. So I looked at the list of killers and soon realized that those characters were the ones you had to buy. I initially shrugged it off and thought maybe it was just coincidence that those were the ones always beating my friends and me. But the more we played the more I saw the trend of us losing to these "pay to win" killers. You would run into someone who has over 400 hrs in game but were low rank with these killers and being new players to this game we would get creamed.Now I know it isn't all fair with the normal killers so I think things should change there but my gosh the skill difference between these paid killers and normal survivors (especially for new players) can just ruin the entire game! I mean it gets pretty annoying when you have Michael Meyers slashing you from 4 ft away and follow you through every obstacle and gaining on you to be killed. Then have the killer at the end of the game calling you "an alternative name for a cat" and to do better (even though he has 500 hrs in game and ranked the lowest you can be).Honestly I would rather watch Zombeavers than play a potentially great horror game.
This game is an amazing concept. I like it I really do. Do you like Unleashing your sadistic tendencies upon avatars of other people?Playing Predator and Prey and playing phsycologically?Getting Jumpscared almost every day?Juking stuff?Sneaking around?Basements?Getting within an inch of your life?And finally sacrificing people to an old world cult god hell bent on living through sacrifices?Then this game is for you!It's true this game has flaws. Most of them technical but still playable. I really recommend this game if you want to have a good time. However get some friends to play it with. Some of the community are.... volatile. F13 is a good comparison. Just think deeper lore more killers and perhaps more mechanics. /b SEE YOU IN THE TRIAL MY FRIEND.
Great Game
nice game but need some players to play with im all alone (
It is a great game to play with friends but it isn't without flaws. It can be aggravating at times but it is overall a fun and terrifying experience.
0/10 gabagge game.yes im being ironic.
Nice Game
Самая унылая игра! (да в пошаговые стратегии играть интереснее) 100000000000000000000000000000/11
Product received for free. Fun game. Only advice (not to devs just to new players) do not camp people on hooks if you are killer. When you do lets just say thats when everyone gets mad at you.
I LOVE THIS GAME (OLD)but the whole problem is that u cant play Ranked matches + with random people with your friends u have to play privatematch and thats suck all what i do is that adding some random people then i play private match with my friends but what the Devs said Worst issue right now.Caused by peoplel trying to play with friends.We're working on Survive With Friends mod right now which will allow you to play Ranked matches with your friends against a random Killer. It's coming. We want to say when but there's no strict date right now. We're not being vague just for the sake of it it's just a huge change to the matchmaking a complicated issue which requires a lot of testing.hopes they do this patch quickly(NEW)&gt &gt &gt &gt THEY DID IT&lt &lt &lt &lt BUY IT IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS TO PLAY WITH at least 1 friend
very nice game but they should reduce the time you are waiting with a friend to find a match
this game is fun if ur with a good friends however it mostly dies out at around 50hours playtime. i know people who've been playing it religiously but personally i find the game to slowly get boring as u get used to the atmosphere and you arent as scared as before. also there are quite a few balance issues matchmaking issues boosters ruining fun for others.id recommend it for a few days weeks of fun but better not buy unless theres a sale too many issues to make it worth at full price.
Murdering friends is much more enjoyable when you're playing a psychotic serial killer! 4
Waiting simulator...
Ran from a demonic mad man got caught in a bear trap and hung from a meat hook then I played Played Dead by Daylight to relax and it was great! 10/11
Product received for free. I played 11 hours of this game over the two days it was available for a free weekend. I love it. It's my favourite game and I dont even have it now but I definitely plan on getting it ASAP.The killers all have a unique killing tactic that the player can customise slightly and use in whatever way they want and though the survivors all start off with only different physical looks to each other with the exact same skills you can get a lot of different perks of different availability and ease of use leading up to their unique perks.I'm in love with the art style and gameplay as a whole though I do struggle against The Hag but oh well. It's an awesome game and I really do recommend getting it.Edit Having now bought the game it remains as my favourite. I've levelled up a lot and the game never ceases to get better in my opinion. I really think it's worth it. Anyways enjoy!
Dodgey and crap security is terrible loads of campers i report but dont get banned. That includes swearing farming and other abuses load of those idiotic people do. My word to anyone who wants to buy this garbage it is a waste of money. The devs should lower the price and highten the security because i have loads of people abusing me so i report them but dont get banned. The flippin vids aren't even game footage. (
Fun game very sastisfying to slaughter your friends!
Product received for free. The direction of the game is very well. I would definitely recommend it to people who love games with endless hours of playability and a new difficulty in every match. While there are lots of cons to this game such as no party system and hook camping the game is in early access. Pro tip If the killer is a hook camper continue to work on generators. As the hooked survivor is hanging and being camped you will have plenty of time to repair generators.Why should I buy this game? Dead by Daylight has unlimited playablility. While the objective is the same it never feels repetitive to me. Just like CSGO or any other game. If you want to sink your heart and soul into a game Dead by Daylight may be the game for you. What's to come? The developers are working on a party system as of this review and plan to add more maps items survivors and killers. The game in its current state is well priced and really worth it. Why should I believe you? Maybe you shouldn't. But give the game a go it's definitely worth your while. Most negative reviews are about the bugs but I find the bugs to not be that game ruining at all. Playtime as of review 47 hours
The fact that the killer can leave mid game and cause you to loose a survivor rank is just idiotic and should have been fixed before they even released the ranking system in the first place... not happy with this game.
This is maybe 20% of a game. Not worth the money at all with all the bugs and problems. I have 3.5 hrs on record and probably only 40 minutes spent actually getting to play the game.
Alright. First check how many hours I've had in this game. That alone should be saying something. (I was job hunting and had plenty of time alas those days are over)I could write a 10 page review on this marvelous masterpiece but I will keep it short and sweet This is why you NEED to buy Dead by Daylight.Best 18 20 bucks I've spent in AWHILE. As a lifelong gamer I really can say this is a top 10 favorite.The pros ++ The music and sound effects alone make the experience literally get your heart beating faster. Hell I think it even boosts your metabolism because of how on edge you can become.+ The game looks pretty cool. I like the style of landcape etc. The maps they have now 3 main areas with smaller sub areas are incredible as they are now but there are still updates and new maps in the future. I've played easily over 100 matches and in 3 maps I can say with confidence that it has NOT gotten old. I'm really impressed as being someone who plays everything from Dark Souls to Elder Scrolls to Fallout.+ If you are like me and loved hide and seek and tag when you were a kid and also now you'll love this because basically this is a "grown up" version of that game.+ The team aspect is excellent. Banding together makes repairing healing and basically ensuring your survival a lot easier and it doesn't feel poorly done or forced. I usually like working alone but this game really makes the working with others aspect appealing.+ The items/loadout works very well. Plenty of offerings to put forward and the items available are straight to the point.+ The stealth aspect and hiding behind objects etc. works nearly flawlessly and the feeling you get when the killer runs RIGHT BY you is unparalleled.+ The multiplayer aspect plus the ability to play with friends makes it that much more entertaining.Negatives Several glitches even in the introductory part of the game while you are waiting in the lobby. That one can be overcome but then there's some really frustrating ones in game especially if the killer's internet is because you rubber band all over or it's choppy and there's lag delays. Although I love the 3 maps I would definitely say more maps would definitely not be out of the question.I'd love to answer any Qs you may have as I almost literally know this game inside out!
I love this game but the pay to win and unbalanced gameplay kills it.
Reccomending this game is very difficult. This game is loaded with gamebreaking bugs and glitches that can make it a frustrating experience. However if I was not frustrated I wouldn't care and this game is one of the best experiences I can have in steam. This game is not beginner friendly in the slightest but that just makes it so much more rewarding when you can finally escape the killer. The meta shifts greatly and currently I am not a fan of the whole pallet looping meta we got going on but that's okay. Constant new updates keep the game fresh as well as fix many issues with the game. Personally I liked daily rituals better when there was a big deal and you could get over 100 thousand bloodpoints but I guess it's okay. Overall this game is highly competitive and for good reason. The rank system could still use some work
This game is a lot of fun and simple to play. They did a really great job not overcomplicating the mechanics and objectives of the game. Some perks seem a little bit over powered and can get frustrating to play against but with proper tuning it could all be worked out. Solid 9/10 highly reccomend.
i don't know why so many people dislike this game. But i think this game was fun and awesome. i'm so recommended this game for you guys who need a games to play together with your friends.
Not quite worth your time
Game is fun when it wants to work but matchmaking is garbage. If you have friends good for a few hours but definitely a bargain bin buy.
This is one of those times where I wish that Steam had a neutral setting I don't feel absolutely qualified to give the end all point of view on this game but I think the first look of a newcomer is a valuble perspective to look at.The game is an absolute thrill to jump onto with a group of friends and is the only way I can really recommend the game. From the menu screen to the perk tree from the game to the afterwards eveything is downright atmospherically creepy. The "uneasy" horror feeling is very well captured. Whether you're screaming and running from the killer or desperately fixing a generator the game succeeds in bringing out that heart pounding exhilaration of Outlast or Penumbra.However after a few hours you can already see the writing on the walls. The game takes itself a bit too seriously it seems. IMO this game is best as a scary casual experience but like with most games a few select people want it to be more than that. You might be a little noob laughing your off and running around aimlessly with your friends... The killer has over 500 hours of experience has mastered their character of choice has memorized every map layout knows all spawn location patterns all generator points etc. The game's counter to this is a constant balancing tweaking reworking everything from perks to villains. This again in turn supports the feeling that the game is trying to be something its not... some kind of actual competitive skill based gameplay for the few who take it way too seriously rather than the masses who just want fun.I will return in future dates with my friends and update my review accordingly I just hope they make the game more casual terror filled fun as opposed to a competitive wipe the floor meta experience )
It's a great game.
BRILLIANT AND FAVOURITE GAME!This is an extremely fun game to play with friends. In some cases it is okay to play online however you'll find barely any team mates will help you. Other than that this is a really good horror game!With the addition of Survive with friends it has made the game greatly better you can have hours of fun with your friends with a new experience each time.Additionally some of the killers are annoying *cough* the Wraith *cough* and many killers will just camp you on the hooks like they are babysitting you but everyone has their own play styleSome killers are actually quite cheeky and will team up with you and help you repair generators if you help them kick down barricades/ hit you a few times for points. GETTING INTO GAMESAs of patch 1.0.5 trying to get into games is absolutely horrible you could be sitting in a lobby getting 'no matches found' and then finding that the killer leaves because he is matched with high level players. KILLERS STOP BEING S.OPINIONSPersonally i get randomely taken off the game whilst normally playing due to unknown errors where a message is displayed asking why you were taken off the game which i suppose is good for the developers and their future enhancements.The ranking up system is slightly bad you have the skill tree level which is fantastic then the survivor/killer rank where you have to win numerous games in a row to rank up an XP system of some sort would be prefered (opinion)Again the game is really fun when managing to get into a game and i play i have much fun playing it for hours on end
I don't really feel like I need to review this game. Because of its popularity by now everybody should know what they're buying.It's abit like hide and seek but the killer is always it. You're trapped in an area and need to fix generators to restore power to the door. Open the door to escape sounds pretty simple right? You already know anyway?The replayability of this isn't amazing. I can come back to it occasionally but as you can see I don't have masses of hours on record. Thats because its the same thing over and over. I would still recommend it though especially if you have a group of people that own it. A major downfall for a Twitch streamer is they also VERY TEDIOUSLY don't allow you to rank up in Custom games. If they don't want it to affect ranked they need to at least a seperate system so you actually have a goal or get benefits from playing games. I grew tired very quickly because I play with friends/viewers alot and no end game reward kills it. It's not even that hard to implement. Dev's if you're reading this just please.I'm not a ranked try hard. If I was I would probably say playing Ranked on a broken game would be way too stressful. I'm out on it completely. The glitches are REALLY f**king annoying and you can do really well but t**ts will just immediately leave when they get killed.I feel like the developers are working on this I recommend because of this. I know I've torn this game to pieces but they'll probably add more characters and alot of content. You know what its about you know what you're getting. If you're reading this you think it looks fun. Thats because it is (for a bit) its something you can go back to with friends occasionally when you're. Just be warned it needs alot of work.twitch.tv/LeftResponse#SellOut
This game is a great hide and seek game but has a few problems with no friend queues and somtimes its hard to get into a lobby when the game cannot find a match but i hope a lot of the problems can be fixed and could make an immersive survival horror game.p.s windows in the ironworks of misery+survivor killer getting mugged off a lot
Started the game.Died within 30 seconds.10/10 would get spawn killed again.
After reading the reviews (yes even the bad ones) I decided to give the game a try. I'll address the popular negative review points.**BUGS** I haven't encountered a lot of bugs just one. Sometimes when i'm trying to crouch and move I just stop moving. And I'm not sure if it's my computer's problem or the map's. I have played all 3 maps and it happened in all of them.**LOBBY ERRORS**I had wait times of less than a minute connecting as a survivor you do get the "failed to join lobby" error but you just have to re click the "join lobby" until you get one. Never took me more than 2 clicks. I feel like the issue is mostly not enough killers (killers make lobbys) and too many survivors. Reading the reviews made it sound a lot worse than it actually was and this is at best a slight annoyance like seriously REALLY minscule. **PARTY GAMES**Devs are working on it and by their developer updates it seems like it's coming along swimmingly. Honestly I don't have anyone else to even play with so this is not a deal breaker for me. **BETA VS FULL RELEASE**As I did not have access to the beta I cannot really comment on this The only issues I kinda have with this full realease I wish there were more maps survivors and killers. Hopefully more will be coming I haven't heard anything about that.Whew! Now that we got the main complaints out of the way. Let's talk...**GAMEPLAY**I actually had a lot of fun with this. The soundtrack is great and the mechanics are awesome. Fortunately I didn't deal with any window chessing people rage quiting and my rank managed to stay inttact. Playing as a survivor is actually wikcked fun and it's actually stressful. You can't attack but you can outsmart Just be aware of your surroundings As a killer you have awesome traps and abilities. **IN CONCLUSION**This game has great gameplay and if you're willing to do a few clicks to join a lobby then this game is for you. Definitely worth it hopefully it will improve with future patches.
I am contemplating suicide.
Product received for free. Very fun multiplayer horror game.
While the game has certainly had a jaded history of bugs and issues Dead by Daylight is still a whole lot of fun at heart.
Great game has that adrenaline rush when the killer finds you but it's much like Friday the 13th but downgraded but is still a great gane and can still improve to be that horror game everyone needs to buy.
I have just recently played this game i was taken in by it's uniqe killer vs survivors theme and hunting down my freinds was great fun since it involves strategy and thinking outside the box. However this game fell on its face the second i realized you cant even level up in private matches at first it seems understandable they dont want poeple to mine for xp that is untill you realize NO ONE WANTS TO PLAY WITH A LEVEL 1 SURVIVOR and good luck with the match making system that will put you in a group of level 20 people who will imediatly quit apon seieng you forcing you to get lucky on whos in the lobby. This poor execution leaves alot to be desired and needs major overahul before it becomes a playable multiplayer experience.
DBD is your every day horror game There aint much else to it. Still a really good game but no game is perfect they all have their flaws.PROS Many hours to put into the game variety of survivers and killers each haveing their own perks and bloodwebs Not a lot of expliotable tactics the survivers must rely on how well they can juke (could be a dumb killer or a smart surviver) Easy to rank upCONS Needs to have dedicated servers instead of killers host killers normally have garbage internet or like across the world Some killers abilitys are stupidly over powerd for example the doctors shock therapy can shock through walls A lot of lobby doging killers when they see the survivers ranksI would recomend any one to get this game.
a fun game to play until you run into many bugs that constantly get overlooked. even the new update does not fix many bugs. if you want to play with your friends good luck because matchmaking is garbage.
This was a good game... but why i shoud buy content for money ??? This was here with Evolve and nobody play that before Fase 2
game ! The Devs are made a game which is full of bugs ! If you want to play with a good game buy Friday 13th
TERRIBLE UNFINISHED PIECE OF DOO DOO!!!
Most toxic community i've ever seen
Thousands of bugs.
ıts so good
This game used to be pretty fun but now its a masochist's game unless you play killer and and always choose the "Very Easy" difficulty in vidya. Survivors keep getting nerfed and killers keep getting more and more bonuses. New Killer shows that developers encourage camping. While this was frustrating before it could be worked around by grabbing generators while the killer was distracted. Newest killer however has the ability to set traps that grant vision and teleportation to any 10 areas on the map. This gives her the ability to camp multiple locations at the same time. The downside to this omnipresence? N/A.
They reset my account and still haven't replied to my emails.
This game has only 4 players 3 killers 1 game mode and a few maps. This game also has a few mechanics for survivors (like knocking pallets over and climbing walls). This game also lacks basic content that all games today should have like team chat in game (typing and voice) chance to play with friends as it is a multiplayer game only (works unless in private match). It was fun at the beginning but quickly got boring seems like a game quickly rushed out to jump on the hype train for the upcoming Friday the 13th game which has a unique formula a killer hunting survivors. Do not buy unless looking for quick fun and if you want something to fill the void until Friday the 13th is released or if game is updated and doesn't have all the problems mentioned earlier.
unbalanced
This game had great potential in the beginning. However going on two months of the game release things are "still" broken... Before "steam" took over the PC gaming world a game developer would have to release a finished product on CD. This game was released months before it should have been. Instead of "balancing perks" fix the real issues connectivity P2P hosting etc... The excuse "it takes time" to fix those issues doesn't cut it. If it takes that much time to fix those BIG issues then the "official" game should have been released later down the road. If you wanted the game to be released to the general public instead of a limited number of players then the game should be classified as "early access" which it is not. Screw the "balancing perks" update fix the real issues. Listen to the real complaints of bug and structure issues not some whiney people because they don't have tactful skills. You tell your players to "get good" well as a consumer to your product I say "release a good update." If you have fixed a bug or a couple right away release that patch... Don't wait for almost two weeks to release that patch release it right away. I would rather have my game update everyday then wait two weeks for a bug to finally be fixed. I am not the best or worst at this game.... Leave the perk balancing alone some things may be to "OP" so what? It's called life nothing is fair. If life was fair I would be a billionaire with not a care in the world but I am not.
I will start off by saying that this is a fun game you play as a killer hit survivors to down them then hang their bodies on hooks to sacrifice them or play as a survivor and work on generators to get an exit open to escape while avoiding the killer but that fun is soon sapped out of the game when you run into these flaws.1. Continual window hopping survivors. Now to be fair they have tried to address this issue but it's still an issue every map has at least 1 spot that survivors can run around in an infinite circles and it becomes a game of who's going to mess up first. Only problem is you wil get survivors who will not mess up and now you have to give up and go check generators or if all generators are done you have to wait for them to make a run for the exit. Which could be in 10 minutes or 30 minutes how ever long they feel like or until they mess up. 2. TERRIBLE MATCHMAKING. As a survivor or killer I was constantly matched against killers/survivors who were 20 30 even as high as 40 levels higher then me. Now for those of you who don't own this game what this means is im running around against a killer or multiple survivors who have high level perks which will buff them and assist them in some wayand they have multiple of these perks dues to their high level while you have 1 perk available and its a low level common perk. So let paint the picture for you your the killer level 10 rank 20 you get matched against 4 survivors level 30 35 32 45 you have 1 perk you can use say sloppy butcher ( makes them bleed more when you hit them) they all have 4 perks at their disposal lets say one has Saboteur (can disable your hooks and destory traps) and some other ultra rare perks to your common perk. You start the match finally knock down survivors to find there's no hooks nearby (due to saboteur) to hang them on and the nearest one is so far away that they can wiggle free from your grasp before you get there. Annoying huh? especially when all this could be avoided by matching you against players of a similar skill instead of throwing you in a blender against the best of the best as a new player.Now some things to mention these problems could change and some of these problems could be addressed in the future but I would avoid this game until then. Now some people may be fine with grinding and being used as a punching bag to higher rank players until they can level up and rank up themselves but im not if your fine with it then you may not mind this game.
The game has the worst balanced department ever if the killer see's you cant outrun him cause he is faster then youkillers have perks where it makes it harder to find them whose supposed to be hiding? Survivors have perks that let them see a crate if your 2 meters away from it...what?best of all its little to impossible to play with friends cause you have to constanly hit ready up wait 5 seconds then if it doesnt find a game after searching for .1 seconds hit ready up again complete the cycle.Oh and if your playing alone and get caught they wont help you cause they cant killer can sit and watch you until you die cause engine take triple as long to fix honestly this game MIGHT be balanced if killers didnt have perksand wraith were removed from the game
107 minutes to finally play a match.. Start as a lvl 1 guy and killer is high lvl die fast and can't play again.. This game is for players who have 4 copies with their friends and all are ready to play at the same time. Otherwise You have to hit the lotto if your solo looking to join a match. I would never buy this game.
This game is great tons of fun always something to work towards.The game has LOTs of potential.but it's far from living up to it at this moment.i will change my opinion if they change things.The major issue is matchmaking.I played even before the free to play weekendand spent almost 3 hours getting rolled by killers...they had 3 4 red perks lvl 40 50 and sometimes crazy high rankwhile i was lvl 1 rank 20 with zero decent perks or items.Not only that but if you get downed and hooked you are DONE.Because when you start out you have people who won't save you.Either due to also being new and unknowledgeable or afraid to or just selfish players using you as a distraction.i had 3 games where I popped every generator by MYSELF.and 2 games where i got 3 or 4 BUT and then got caught out.OR... you get killers who hook you and then sit there watching as you die waiting for AGES as you bleed out.Making it impossible for you to be rescued.Which if you don't know the game actually is BAD to do as killer.Because you get no points no exp no score.and you deny the survivor you hooked score/exp.you just gimped both of your scores. for nothing.and new killers do NOT understand this.so you get perma campers every game.and it sucks. very anti fun.the game doesn't really explain that ensuring a killdenies you points from doing other objectives.This is a major issue as the things you unlock via bloodwebare huge factors against others with good perks and items.ESPECIALLY if you are new.Once you understand the game items and perks matter less.but getting low points/exp at the startreally slows your progress to a crawl.The game is EXTREMELY unfriendly to new players though.The only way to play is against others with no clear explainationof most of the mechanics of the game when you first start out.You have to stumble around in the dark LITERALLY.Most of the advantage comes from knowing the mapsand since it throws you straight into ranked...there is no way to really mess around to learn them.I will say this though.I like the game concept and gameplay.But the amount of work and time that I have to playto catch up to the majority of the playerbase...all the while being at a disadvantage...while being matched against much higher ranks...tl drWatch others play the game on twitch or youtubelearn the game through other's eyes firstbecause you don't have the luxury of learning thru your own.also nurse is broken as hellteleporter with auto aim attacks...
At the start was all ok the lobbi was crap and a knew that. I have no problem whit that . But today i have played this game an another pc and was all fine but now when i come back to this computer ewrithing ist just t up. My character was 15 lvl now is just 5 and i lost all my perks and item and upgrades ..... just fiks that and give me back all my items and perks . Now i will dislike this game but if you gve me back my stuff i vill like it (sorry for bad English)
this game is heavily unbalanced i cant level up as a survivor or as the killer because my enemys are always above level 45. (I'm level 1 I can only use my 3k Blood Points every 6 games because I always lose.)
the game is pretty good but the problem i have is i use a xbox 360 controller on my computer and this game does not support that if i could use my controller it would be way better.
The game is fun dont get me wrong you can have alot of fun playing it. But if you dont like to sit in que for 10 15 mins in between each game you should find something different. Also if you like to play games that all the abilitys work properly then you dont want to play this. I havent played for to many days but have already encountered hordes of people boosting points with killers and survivors working together. Characters arent very well balanced with what skills or abilitys they could have to make then more playable.
THIS IS NOT A REAL RELEASE BUT MORE LIKE AN ALPHA VERSION!If you wanna buy some alpha and to become a beta tester you are welcome. Otherwise stay away from this game. It crashes lags throws you out of lobby out of game etc. You lose your inventory items your points. It's simply completely unplayable.I REALLY DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THIS PIECE OF GAME!
The game is super buggy
Fix your game you imbaciles
This game looks good but I assure you it is total garbage!Accurrate reviews I have seen. Lobby Simulator 2k17 but I have a new one.....Never Ending Chase Simulator 2k17.You get to be a killer but you do not really kill anyone you put them on hooks and the other players just take them right back off......just an annoying experience of exploits. Since I purchased it on a 50% off sale I got a few fun matches but once all the new players left I soon found out why the wait times are ridiculous.....bc no one wants to be a killer so you have huge quenes of survivors and no killers. To make things worse the only way to be effective in killing anyone you have to tightly patrol the hooks you put people on which they have to stay on for a certain amount of time to die........which will get you hazed in the after game chat. Other than the visuals and a few good matches the only thing this experience was good for was seeing what other games people recommend instead of this heaping pile of elephant dung. Which is terrible since they would most likely sell a lot of DLC if it didn't suck. All in all meh spent $12 got $5 worth of game so I can feel good knowing I only lost $7.oh forgot the non esistant Match Maker so you will get paired against people who have hundreds of hours of gameplay and unlocks which I can't fathom why they hate themselves enough for that level of self punishment. Honestly the game would be 1000% better with an offline mode or PVE mode with bots that don't cheat. I mean it will have to be a PVE at some point bc no one wants to be a killer and for good reason. If it were done right this game would be epicly entertaining but it's utter rubbish!
DIC is full of fees the novice is very difficult Not recommended
Product received for free. I wouldn't recommend it yet.it has potential dont get me wrong and its heaps of fun!except It has bugs many many bugs. poor matchmaking system. and unfair characters(Nurse from silent hills can jump through walls where as walls / traps are your only real defence)if they get certain bugs out of the game like the matchmaking bugs. this game could be great! at this moment its not worth 20 or IMO even in the sale the 16.99.
Neat concept but Terrible terrible netcode. Frequent rubberbanding dropping of players etc. Very low skill floor for killers very high for survivors (ie not balanced) Game mechanics encourage the killer to camp once you're 'hooked' (ie countdown to bleedout) Chase mechanic centers around survivors avoiding the faster killers by using obstacles. But using these too much is an 'exploit' and so a bannable offense. Corrupts save files because apparently this is fine even a year+ after release. Use a friend's save because you don't want to start again from nothing? BANNED!Could have been an excellent game in better hands even with all its faults it's kind of addictive but... just stay away. Best case you have a very buggy experience worst case you end up with a ban mark permanently on your profile.
Needs a lot of work before it can really be called a full release.
wtf man so much bug in this game fix it4/10
As of latest patch (Nov 12 2017) Survive with Friends is completely bugged. The mode is nearly unplayable.
game was ok played total of 3 hours before receiveing an EAC ban. Apparently i did something wrong. Refused to reverse it which i guess is a good thing on their zero tolerance policy but yeah kind of messed up
this game is a piece of sh*t. f*ck this f*cking piece of sh*t game.
If you want to play a bug worth 20$ you're welcome
I strongly recommend against purchasing this turd. Why? Because its balance is utterly broken which thus makes the game unenjoyable.If you play survivor you basically have your victory handed to you since you'll be provided with overpowered perks and items. How exciting.If you like winning easily and with no effort you'll love By Daylight.If you play killer survivors will bully you. You'll be powerless to do anything about it because the devs keep nerfing killers to hell and back to the point that you don't play to enjoy yourself but to entertain survivors. That's right you're seen as their play thing to toy around with. They will tea bag insta blind body block pallet loop and insult you in the end match chat. Not the survivors nor the developers have any respect for the killer playerbase.If you like to have an incredibly frustrating stressful experience and play only to make it so that survies keep playing for our developer overlords you'll love By Daylight.Don't buy this turd. Do yourself a favor and spare 20 bucks for a game that's actually worth it.
This game used to be good when it first came out and it was all rainbows and sunshine the devs promised us all free DLC no matter what. GUESS WHAT?! The first DLC was the only one that was ever free and it was also the one that didn't have an OP killer. All DLC since that has been OP after OP. They have made this game literally so killer oriented that is now impossible to juke a killer that is not blind and if you get hit once you will probably be instantly downed because their "super rare perk" that they added with the DLC is owned by every killer that has played more than 4 hours of the game. Their also used to be a free cam for survivors while they were running. GUESS WHAT?! It's gone. You can no longer predict a killer or learn to because you can't see him while running boards no longer stun for a proper duration and some killers can jump over them just as fast as you. Please do not give these people anymore money. They have ruined this game with update after update to favor the already favored killers. They don't deserve it buy Friday the 13th when it comes out instead. That seems like people who might actually try to keep their fanbase instead of greeding out like these people did.
This game has an awsome concept but the comminuty s it up no one helps their team and on top of that you cant talk smh this game was ok at fist but its full of just baiters trying to be last
I'm done. As a killer main it is nearly impossible to win at high ranks without using nurse or hillbilly and even than I have to hope for the survivors to do a mistake. And that's the biggest problem survivors are not weak. they got too many skills that downright counter killers and give themselve advantages that they shouldn't be able to have. For the survivors it's not a desperate fight for their survival it's a simple walk in the park that's not even challenging and I'm not even talking about pallet loop. Toxic survivors are rampant and doesn't help the overall experience. Bugs are still here and when they fixes something they break something else. Incompetent Devs + Cancer community not a fun game.Unless the game drasticaly changes the way killers and survivors interact in the game I won't see myself get near this game any time soon.After 100 hour of game I can safely say that I have seen around and that it will not get better. Like Mathieu said it so good "you should stop playing killer. Go play survivor or something else."
This *could* be a really good game unfortunately technical issues and questionable design decisions kill the fun.1) NetworkingThe biggest issue is the lack of dedicated servers. The "killer" hosts the game. Listen servers only work well if latency is good. But this game doesn't care about regions. Your killer could be on an island in the middle of nowhere or with a crappy ISP. Or the host plays on a crapp rig. The result is lag.Even worse you do not know until your game has started.Besides being the host gives you a huge advantage as the game is running smoothly for you.2) No real party systemYou want to play with a friend? Tough luck because you cannot! Well since the last patch (July 2016) you technically can but it is incredibly difficult to find a game with two (or three) free slots. I guess the systems works if you are a party of 5...3) MatchmakingNon existant. It's normal to play against higher ranked players with more experience than you (and better perks). Perks are not everything but seriously it's 2016!4) Key BindingsYep you cannot change the default bindings on a PC. Welcome to the stone age of gaming! Truth is there are not many keys to bind in the first place. But I am NOT a WASD player. It's sort of OK if I play as the Killer but it's nearly unplayable as a survivour (sprint and crouch).The game feels extremely unfinished. I would expect a more polished game from a seasoned developer studio.In its current state I cannot recommend this game. This might change if they address the issues mentioned above in future patches.
Don't buy this game. Freddy is just on fun to play against at all i rather cut off my balls with my fingernais.
"Let's make an anti fun game."Seems like the game design goal they got to achieve.DBD is a festival of unbalanced game mechanics focusing on making an easy life for the killer.Using only windows and pallets a survivor has little to no chances to evade the teleporting / invisible / sneaky and faster killer.Luckily enough for the killer s/he can easily break these pallets and do so faster if s/he decides to use a specific perk (in game "skill") Every single survivor's mechanic is easily countered by the killer's perks or basic abilities.A survivor can heal himself? It will show the killer where s/he is thanks to one perk.A survivor is far from a hooked mate? Her/his position will be known by the killer.If you decide to run as a survivor which you most of the time can't avoid to do jokes on you the killer can follow you without having you in sight.If the killer gets you s/he can easily reach one of the multiple hooks available all around the map making it impossible for the survivor to use the spam "A D" dodge mechanic.Good to know as well most of the time if you get hooked by a killer be prepared to get face camped until you die. It's not a problem for her/him since at the end of the game s/he will get more bloodpoints (in game currency) than the "best" survivor even killing just 1 out of 4. So why even try?Every update is a killer buff never adding new game mechanics for the survivor but implementing new ways for the killers to improve the "anti fun" policy.As a final point take into consideration before buying the game that most of the time at least one of the players rages quit may it be the killer or survivor.
Steaming pile of garbadge where veteran players are placed into the same games as newbies. Horribly optimalized a joke of a tutorial and the only way to play with 1 or 2 friends is to always be survivors. Also there are only ranked modes with the exclusion of being able to play with a group of 5
ตอนโหลดเข าเกม ตอนหาห อง ชอบค าง ค างบ อยมาก หาห องโคตรยาก..
i dont think this is a very interesting game.Although it will be funny if both me and some my friend have but if i play it alone i think is boring and dull
This game was fun until the bugs made it literally unplayable.
killers are campers they camp the hook and ruin the whole game dont waste your time the community sucks
no
At first this game is okay good game then freddy come all f***ed up... as if freddy is a p2w killer
Pay 2 Win with Freddy
Gameplay wise it's not terrible. The community though... I have seen toxic groups before but never ones this bad. No matter what you do they are rude condecending and overall unpleasant to play with. So if you can stomach the toxicity go ahead otherwise stay away from this game I will.
Love the game its fun to play and its easy to ignore the toxic people.The issue after this last update 2.1.1 Keep getting the connection error message.I have tried everything even uninstalling and reinstalling the game but nothing works. I would recommend the game but I can't when its not working properly When the fix it I will recommend the game.
boring after a few matches
Dead by Daylight was a great idea ruined by incompetent developers. The game was fun at launch but has only gotten worse as the developers insist on balancing the game based on faulty statistics and the complaints of only one side of the community.The game is still asymmetrical but instead of it being a horror game where the survivors hide and sneak around a nigh unstoppable killer it's little more than a bullying simulator where the survivors taunt troll and harass a wounded declawed puppy. Imagine in the Friday the 13th movies instead of the victims running in fear of Jason they take away his machete kick him to the ground and shove his face in the mud. That's essentially the Dead by Daylight experience nowadays. Longstanding balance issues making the killers a chore to play have remained in the game for nearly a year while new killers or mechanics that survivors don't like are nerfed into the ground within a week or two. This is especially true with the A Nightmare on Elm Street DLC where the developers announced their intentions to nerf Freddy into the ground because low rank survivors were having a difficult time against him. Despite the fact that he was already considered laughably weak in high ranks.Does this logic make sense to anyone?Releast a new killer intended to shake up gameplay put game on sale to attract more new players Rebalance new killer based on complaints of these new players. I'm starting to wonder if this is some kinda social experiment to see just how much abuse one side of a community is willing to take before abandoning ship. Bottom line stay far far away from this game if you have any interest of playing killer. It's going the way of Evolve.
1. Killer who camps you2. It take 10 15 min to find a match because so many times people disconnect without a reason.3. So many who disconnect and you can't repair 5 generators in 2 people or alone.4. So many bugs but the developers can do DLC for 7$ because is a P2W because they don't make something good they just make killers and survivors to make money.5. I will regret all my life because I pay 20$ for this
I simply do not understand how online play can be so unreliable. As far as I have tested my wired internet connection is reliable enough to continuously hold a connection to Battlefield 1 servers Battlefront servers CS GO servers DS3 servers Rust servers TF2 servers and Town of Salem servers with almost no hiccups whatsoever. However over the past week I have had 11 disconnections all of which I tried reconnecting to when the "It appears you have left a ranked match" dialogue box appears only to be met with "There is not a reservation available for this match" and being forced to wait 15 minutes at a time before being able to play anyone but bots. This is especially frustrating when I am trying to play a few matches before work and not even being able to complete 1 because I "Abandoned the match and made the play unfair for my team."Look at it this way Losing connection to match because of something entirely out of my control Attempting to rejoin the match The atempt to rejoin without exception results in failure "Our server ed up and you lost connection which makes you a bad sport and thus you should be punished"Fix this It's infuriating! I have felt less frustration fighting my first Dark Souls boss than I do everytime I attempt to use this game's multiplayer.
The worst game I've ever played. After playing 17 hours you think more or less learned to play and now it's time matchmaking. The game doesn't think so. After you start matchmaking you know what to do there's nothing for you until you have earned 1 000 hours and then you learn all the replays of professionals. EACH player on EACH rank will pull you in on their little The matchmaking system is at negative level the worst game I have ever seen. I ve calibrating in the Silver 2 Division 3 along with my friend but literally the day I became Bronze 1 Division 1 thanks to the developers for a good selection of opponents. About quick message in chat I generally keep quiet because if the opponent to write one as you go in tilt. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AND DON'T ADVISE IT TO THEIR FRIENDS 10/10
Fix your god damn F***ing competitive rejoining my internet disconnected for 20seconds i tried rejoining again and it returned me to main menu 10 seconds later then internet fixed and there was no rejoin option again 15minute ban when partied with 2 of my friends. trash setup fix your crap psyonix!
it is a good Game But the ping in middle east is too high I would buy it when the ping become better.
"Not connected to Rocket League servers" message of death. Done everything I've read anywhere to try to fix this issue from resetting internet options to port forwarding to reinstalling etc. etc. and I've contacted support for this game TWICE simply to get blown off with a "we're aware of this issue and are working on a fix though there is no estimated time for this fix's release." The game has not worked for over 4 months. Otherwise it's a fun as hell game to play with friends. If it works. Do NOT buy and waste money on DLC without proper game support unless you think it's worth the risk.
banned for 24 hrs for responding to someone that instigated my friend and I intentionally. worth noting i didnt swear or engage in any hate speech whatsoeverdont buy unless youre prepared to censor yourself despite the toxic community that by a large margin pervades every facet of communicationgame is good. developers are babies. majority of playerbase is composed of incorrigible abominations of hate and sweaty palms.if youre a mute and cant type i very much recommend this game