It was on sale. I wanted to see what the fuss was all about. Played it for an hour. Regret buying it.As a survivor there's no real reward in completing generators. Sure you just move on to the next one (where there's 5 in total) and so on. Whenever the killer gets you there is a "Press to wiggle" function. This gives you a chance to break free from the killer and escape. He then drags your over to a hook. where he will impel you untill a survior comes to your aid. It would've been a great feature if the hooks weren't 2 inches from each other. And if you are new to the game and are a low level character there's not much fun in it for you. You have to grind and grind your character to a certain level before you can start to have a slight of a chance. And those perks includes things like tool boxes which makes you repair generators faster a simple flashlight so you can see! and so on. This game introduces itself in the worst way. Looks like fun when you watch someone else play it. And it doesn't explain you that you need to put hours into it before you can perhaps enjoy it. Steam library uninstall forever Take my money
sick
Playing with your friends is not usually possible due to bugs but is quite fun when it does work
Bing Bong from Inside Out gets his revenge as the Wraith
As a survivor you have a choice 1. let your friend(s) die working alone and die2. save your friend(s) killer chasing you and die together.10/10 would die over and over
Altough the community is very Toxic with facecamping killers to teabagging survivors I keep coming back to Dead by Daylight to spend my time. With each progress you feel some accomplishment and never feel like your time being wasted. There is a good balance between killers and survivors (sometimes they fk up the balance with a new killer) but that's solved with a quick update most of the time!
Nov 2017 This game is reaching the potential that it first had the developers are far more thoughtful when it comes to problems they dont rush to bring out unbalanced DLC to make more money. This game is a lot of fun.You need a thick skin to play killer you will always have salty survivors you killed being toxic. BUT if you play this game with the intention of it being for fun and dont care about dying or about making sure someone dies on a hook (camping) then this game is a whole lot of fun. Try it you might just love it.Nov 2016 This game all depends on your outlook. If you are easily triggered by other players features in a game that make it unfair or developers that dont fix issues that are underlying in the game (camping Infinites etc) then this game wont be for you.Its got issues which are slowly being worked out. There should be a patch on the day I am writing this review to lessen the grind for perks and prestige. HOWEVER if you play this game for fun (and not too focused on getting points or the full win) then this game is fantastic. If you play the game how the devs envisioned it to be played (its not too hard to work out what the wanted dont be a and ruin the game for other people i.e camping) then this game is very good fun especially with teammates. You must have a thick skin though and be prepared to ignore the salt that happens at the end of every game from the people that will whine at you. Killer get this much worse so many surviors will rage at you regardless of what you did in the game.
Originally posted this as negative.After playing this again it is actually a good game. This is currently better than F13 by a long shot and the developers are actually active.
There's still alot of glitches in the game but in terms of gameplay its actually pretty good.
I can easaly recommend this game to anyone sure its going to be hell when you start but after like 200 hours you are going to get the hang of it finnaly get that 4k game or do your first 360 juke. It will be a trip..... a trip you will never forget.( btw watch streamers or good youtubers play it it helps to become better ALOT)Honestly everyone says that this game is bad this game is toxic this game has a very bad community this game has bad devs its unbalanced its buggy But actully is it realy.....that bad? Most people who say thease things have alot of hours on the game alot of hours on the game means you enjoyed it i did and i still do. Sure maybe the developers make a mistake (every update) but it doesnt make the game unplayable.... I want this game to succeed and i want new map makers (please).
Dead By Daylight is a great horror game.I bought the deluxe edition the artwork ost and masks for payday were worth the price in my opinion So Now to the real game.So this game was a wonderful horror game.They were great at making us fear the killer.The sudden shocks and the heartbeats makes the game more realistic.Although there are a few stuff that you can use to make the game easier the killer also could use it as well.This game has a fair balance between killers and survivors which is good although the killer is faster and has more senses than survivors killers make noises which makes it obvious for survivors.On the other hand Survivors only make noises if they fail at repairing a generator.The Camera is quite nice with the third and first person thing.Pros Great GameplayMatching Soundtrack Fair Balance of ClassesGood artworkAwesome EnvironmentsGets the 'spooky feel' to the gameCons a few bugsMultiplayer survivors quit easily even in game.No full storyline we only know a bit of each character and none of each killers.Result 9/10The game itself is very interesting yet the bugs and how survivors can quit easily in multiplayer is quite annoying.The story itself isnt too clear yet the great and Terrifying gameplay would make the game worth the price.(voted this for better than expected)
had many hours played only for this piece of crap dev poor game to crash and RESET EVERYTHING ive accomplished... to never get back....never got help from both this platform AND the devs of the game for my refund OR my data back......
This game is actually the most amazing thing
I honestly never do reviews and could care less to do them but this game has really struck a cord. I bought this game while it was on sale a week ago and as soon as I played it I "screamed" with horror and joy. There was finally a horror game I could play with friends and have fun with. However once I started playing more I noticed some killers seemed a tier above others and completely overpowered. So I looked at the list of killers and soon realized that those characters were the ones you had to buy. I initially shrugged it off and thought maybe it was just coincidence that those were the ones always beating my friends and me. But the more we played the more I saw the trend of us losing to these "pay to win" killers. You would run into someone who has over 400 hrs in game but were low rank with these killers and being new players to this game we would get creamed.Now I know it isn't all fair with the normal killers so I think things should change there but my gosh the skill difference between these paid killers and normal survivors (especially for new players) can just ruin the entire game! I mean it gets pretty annoying when you have Michael Meyers slashing you from 4 ft away and follow you through every obstacle and gaining on you to be killed. Then have the killer at the end of the game calling you "an alternative name for a cat" and to do better (even though he has 500 hrs in game and ranked the lowest you can be).Honestly I would rather watch Zombeavers than play a potentially great horror game.
Pros Great gameplay Sound has a massive role in this game which turns it much better Intense moments as a survivor Monthly updates and DLCs This game can be played in lot of ways the game makes you choose between the objective and being out of risk and risking your life in order to help your teammates and get more score and in game money. Developers listen to the community as they implemented the "Survive with friends" mechanicCons Could be repetitive for some people in that case you would feel the game costs much more then it should. You may experience some glitches The servers are buggy and it might cause a big amount of waiting time and joining people who are out of your skill levelIf they haven't fixed the servers yet 9/10If they did fix it 10/10
At the moment in my opinion atleast I believe this game is in better shape than F13 TG. It's less enraging more fun et cetera. Others can have their own opinion but I just like it more at this time.
very fun game I dont know why people diss it soo much for my first couple of hours the game was hard and confusing but once you get the hang of it youre golden stealthing around the killer when they are just feet away from you or nearly missing a skill check that could give you away. This game is better played coop with friends I would'nt reccomend solo
Anyone that are into horror games definitely needs to buy ths game!
Love this game. I play it every day.
This game is an amazing concept. I like it I really do. Do you like Unleashing your sadistic tendencies upon avatars of other people?Playing Predator and Prey and playing phsycologically?Getting Jumpscared almost every day?Juking stuff?Sneaking around?Basements?Getting within an inch of your life?And finally sacrificing people to an old world cult god hell bent on living through sacrifices?Then this game is for you!It's true this game has flaws. Most of them technical but still playable. I really recommend this game if you want to have a good time. However get some friends to play it with. Some of the community are.... volatile. F13 is a good comparison. Just think deeper lore more killers and perhaps more mechanics. /b SEE YOU IN THE TRIAL MY FRIEND.
spoopy
Great Game
Awesome game Full of running healing and repairing generators ofcourseI really enjoy playing this game
Too Spooky 4 Me
you can't queue as 2 or 3 man only with full premade still not fixed for more than 2 months now
So Dead By Daylight is an awesome game killers are balanced and survivors not so much but hey its still fun. Its a good buy if you enjey these kinds of games 9/10 would buy again.
Product received for free. Really liked when the bad guy just hunted me like gotta stick yo in my things AHAHAHA
This game is like anal sex it is meant to be fun but first time hurts as but once you know how to do it you can even enjoy.
nice game but need some players to play with im all alone (
Perfect game 7/10
Fun game lots of glitches and causes anger but still fun.
It is a great game to play with friends but it isn't without flaws. It can be aggravating at times but it is overall a fun and terrifying experience.
0/10 gabagge game.yes im being ironic.
so far so good
Nice Game
very good
Самая унылая игра! (да в пошаговые стратегии играть интереснее) 100000000000000000000000000000/10
Product received for free. Fun game. Only advice (not to devs just to new players) do not camp people on hooks if you are killer. When you do lets just say thats when everyone gets mad at you.
I LOVE THIS GAME (OLD)but the whole problem is that u cant play Ranked matches + with random people with your friends u have to play privatematch and thats suck all what i do is that adding some random people then i play private match with my friends but what the Devs said Worst issue right now.Caused by peoplel trying to play with friends.We're working on Survive With Friends mod right now which will allow you to play Ranked matches with your friends against a random Killer. It's coming. We want to say when but there's no strict date right now. We're not being vague just for the sake of it it's just a huge change to the matchmaking a complicated issue which requires a lot of testing.hopes they do this patch quickly(NEW)&gt &gt &gt &gt THEY DID IT&lt &lt &lt &lt BUY IT IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS TO PLAY WITH at least 1 friend
nice game...doesn't get boring after time...it needs a ton of farming tho it's not that spooky yet the delepovers try their best but you may see some bugs left untouched for daysbut overall it's a good game
very nice game but they should reduce the time you are waiting with a friend to find a match
this game is fun if ur with a good friends however it mostly dies out at around 50hours playtime. i know people who've been playing it religiously but personally i find the game to slowly get boring as u get used to the atmosphere and you arent as scared as before. also there are quite a few balance issues matchmaking issues boosters ruining fun for others.id recommend it for a few days weeks of fun but better not buy unless theres a sale too many issues to make it worth at full price.
Good game
....trash
I have played this game a ton. The concept is fun enough but there are some big outstanding issues. Trying to find a match is a nightmare. We've waited more than 20 minutes before giving up. If this was an early access title most of the problems could be forgiven. But it isn't. Friday the 13th The Game and Last Year is just a few months away and look a bit more promising.While I have definitely got my money's worth but until some of the big bugs are fixed I would recommend buying this on sale.
THİS GAME İS GOOD BUT MOSTLY CRUSH GAME Survivals is die ? Ok exit the game is realy big bug
Jason Voorhees and Freddy Krueger would be proud.
The game is fun when it works many other reviews nail that part. However the key phrase is when it works. My game lets me join maybe 1 in 15 attempts.... Yes my system and internet connection are very stable. Go figure... Careful what you spend your money on! Update Totally impossible to play online in this game it crashes every time I join a match. Good thing there's an offline singleplayer mode!.... oh
Terrible matchmaking system with long queue times
Murdering friends is much more enjoyable when you're playing a psychotic serial killer! 3
I do agree on below issues." So why do some people enjoy what happens to our bodies during horror games? We don t really know. " There are some theories it might make us feel powerful to survive something so threatening it might be an outlet for aggression in a basically peaceful society or we may just like being scared in a safe space where we know we ll get out alive.Well made horror game. I can recommed you to buy this if your looking for bloodcurdling experience on a moonlit night.
Decent game horrible servers 0/10 would not buy.
Please distribute lobbies according to regions as they are in other games because I can not find survivors when I'm a killer.
Waiting simulator...
its really fun to play with friend
Ran from a demonic mad man got caught in a bear trap and hung from a meat hook then I played Played Dead by Daylight to relax and it was great! 10/10
A great game concept with a lot of unfortunate issues. Still plenty of fun to play when you get to play.If they ever fix matchmaking I would definitely recommend (latest patch indicated issues were resolved that were not. At least a step in the correct direction).11/13 Update I am still going to leave this as a negative review. Matchmaking is still ed however you can now play a game (it's just not going to be matched very well). The developers focus too much on introducing new content and doing cash grabs rather than fixing the game which is a very unfortunate thing. Still fun to play just a very much broken game that they show no intentions of fixing.
This game is really fun but playing with friends is horrible you need to press ready for like a 1000 times before you join a lobby and half of the time the killer leaves and you need to find a new lobby. but overall I do recommend this game After about 4 5 months the crappy match making has been fixed. but there are still a few problems with the game but the devs say they are working on it.
BEST GAME EVER D
The game is pretty wierd!My friends told me it was great when they played the first time.But after 3 hours they said this Game is Very Boring!!!!You just Fix Machines and GTFO.I Think The reason is The Suvivors Has Been Too Suck!Now You can not Make Fun to The killer and laugh at him.You just Hide!!!But I just Like It I still Hope the Suvivors Rising
This game is actually really great. There are problems with it that need to be worked on and looked at but for the most part these things are necessary for new games. It's enjoyable and you'll lose yourself attempting to get better.
Really fun accually well made from how earily it came out I'm glad i brought this its awesome
its not gay
It's free this weekend! Wanted this game for a few weeks now but it seemed to be norrow gameplay and was afarid to buy it. Was hoping for a free weekend to try it out. Played a few games died right away and survied both. A lot of fun so far. Looks like I'm buying it. I do recommend this game however clearly this game will not be for everyone.Thanks for the free demo that was all I needed.
game heavily leans to survivor and killers are done for in SWF groups but i enjoy it even though people on here harrrass you if you patrol 3 gens or play a certain killer
Dead by Daylight has always been my favourite game to play there's always constant updates on the game to improve the game. For example the revamp of the blood web to have have lesser nodes and the choice within 2 perks instead of one. Really helpful update! The idea for survivors to have infinite health when being hooked the first time to encourage killer not to camp you is also a really good idea. I love Dead by Daylight hahaha
This game was fun until the Devs decided to nerf survivors over and over along with buffing a Killer that was already overpowered. Unless you can play with friends then this game is definitely not for you. What was a fun game has turned into a broken bug riddled and biased game that will eventually die good riddance. If I could get my money back I would and I never complain about games or write reviews.
Its a really fun game with a great Concept. It Has its flaws But the gameplay is definetly worth it.
i enjoyed the game but while playing there where sevral gliches and i could barley play
you'll experience a fair few disconnects but other than that the game is one hell of a ride. fun addicting and ocasionally terrifying if you allow yourself to be imursed.
Had a ton of fun with this game for awhile until they released Freddy. Freddy isnt only game shatteringly broken he completely drains all the fun out of the game absolutely refuse to play any survivor until they actually do something about Freddy. Instead of pretending the slight tweaks they did as a "nerf". After weeks they still refuse to fix him. Would NOT recommend in it's current state.
If you get good at the game look forward to a banned.
The game is fun the community what's ruining this game. Killers want to nerf Survivors to death and Survivors want to nerf Killers to death. In my opinion just remove all the perks and item add ons and maybe some offerings too. I really hope that the devs are not just buffing only killers/survivors and nerfing the other to death. The minor bugs in my opinion are funny so it's not that big of a problem but that doesn't mean that it shouldn't be fixed. The game is fun overall and I really like to play the game I play for fun. Other people take the game too serious that's why they are just toxic as hell. Devs keep up the good work and don't listen to the community just play the game yourselves and balance the game by your choice.
Really a nice game. Original dark atmosphere fear and tension.Killer and Survivor can increase his powers just some matcihng problems (playing against characters with level more higher than you... really it's not easy) but you can see the current level of players in the lobby and you can leave for change it.Be a Killer is funny like to be the Survivor.
Product received for free. I played 11 hours of this game over the two days it was available for a free weekend. I love it. It's my favourite game and I dont even have it now but I definitely plan on getting it ASAP.The killers all have a unique killing tactic that the player can customise slightly and use in whatever way they want and though the survivors all start off with only different physical looks to each other with the exact same skills you can get a lot of different perks of different availability and ease of use leading up to their unique perks.I'm in love with the art style and gameplay as a whole though I do struggle against The Hag but oh well. It's an awesome game and I really do recommend getting it.Edit Having now bought the game it remains as my favourite. I've levelled up a lot and the game never ceases to get better in my opinion. I really think it's worth it. Anyways enjoy!
Survivor mains angry about new update. Recent reviews are very biased at the moment. The game is fun.
Good Memes
the best game ive ever played i cant wait for last breath
You wanna kill some time and your friends?Dead by Daylight is the answer.Fun game nothing too complicated. Be the hunter or the prey.Set a trap or let talk the chainsaw.Leave the other victims behind or try to act like a hero (at your own risk).I reccomend this game to whoever likes stealth/horror/survior games.Now excuse me but i have to kill a couple of guys that got trapped in one of my bear traps.And later if i'll have some time i'm gonna play dead by daylight.
Why when i enter in the game it says Failed to lauch the game? (i have a good pc)
niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Loved the game at first one that I was really excited about but with newer updates it seems to just break the game. Literally wait 20 minutes just to play a game and then to be kicked out because there is a cheater detected or wait 20 minutes just for the game to crash. As I am writing this I am waiting 20 minutes just to get into a game please stop with the updates. As of right now I wouldnt recommend this game to anyone until the main issue of actually getting to play the game is fixed.
Dodgey and crap security is terrible loads of campers i report but dont get banned. That includes swearing farming and other abuses load of those idiotic people do. My word to anyone who wants to buy this garbage it is a waste of money. The devs should lower the price and highten the security because i have loads of people abusing me so i report them but dont get banned. The flippin vids aren't even game footage. (
I've played the game for a while now and I've had fun with the game so far but now we come to where the game stops working. When you reach a certain point in the game where most player knows the "best places" to run to when they see the killer this is where the game have completely broken. It is intended that the survivors must hide or work together to outwit the killer not just use "infinite juke spots" where it is quite impossible as killer to stop or catch the survivors.This makes the killer to suddenly completely miserable it is a bad section of "Tom and Jarry" a stupid hunter being ridiculed by a small mouse and it's not the one compares measurements with a dangerous killer.It makes me sad because it's a great game right up to this point and I would like to see it done otherwise I do not think it can develop more and probably ends when the other games in the same genre is released.
Can't even find a game IGN 10/10There's no actually way of queueing for a game you have to press ready every time after pressing it for like 30 minutes straight never managed to get into a game awful developer choice
This game may be fun in concept but it is the most bug filled game I've ever seen. The way you get most out of it is just to screw around with your friends to have fun. Every other game you WILL find a bug that prevents you from doing something. YOU WILL find a killer that has likely over 300 latency that rubber bands your character all over the map. Devs WILL refuse to cater to the public opinion and refuse to balanced or patch things. It is so blatantly obvious that the devs wanted to cash in on some quick bucks with an unfinished game. It's fun if you have a group of 4 friends to play this game with. But if you're a solo player trying match making? I would never recommend this even with a gun pointing at me.
ranking system needs to be fixed pls rank 20 vs a rank 1 killer like really ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
No ai poor tutorials very little chance to start playing without everyone off.I can't recommend this game because I don't feel as though I'll ever have the chance to start playing without ruining it for everyone else. It feels like I'm trying to enter a club and I don't meet the proper requirements when I start. This would be less of a bother if I had ai bots to fail in front of a proper tutorial or at the very least a method of organizing players by their ranks so I'd fail as much as everyone else. This game has none of the above. (IF it does have a method of organizing players by rank then it seems awfully strange how everyone is already at their top ranks and nobody seems to be new to this at all considering how I was just dropped in the middle of expirienced players. Twice.) As a killer you can't just kill a survivor. You'll have to attack the survivor then drag his/her body to a meat hook HOPING that another survivor didn't break it all within a certain period of time. I've been told that you CAN kill a downed survivor if you can find a "memento" which I find to be completely rediculous. If you're a killer aren't you supposed to.....well kill people!?As a survivor fixing a generator requires a quicktime action. Because the developers will not have mentioned this ANYWHERE you will most likely fail the first time you touch a generator and either get slaughered because of it or hurt your team's chances at survival because of it.This isn't tf2 pd2 csgo etc. where you can fail in front of ai bots or recieve proper tutorials. This is a polished yet unfinished game that you have to pay for in more than one way. It MIGHT improve over time but as of now I wouldn't recommend you play it at all unless if you know 2 3 other people who also play it.If you want a good slasher game where you play as the killer I'd recommend "Party Hard". It's storyline is decent most of your attacks are stealthy and strategic and the best part You aren't expected to know what you're doing before you're supposed to know what you're doing.
Fun game very sastisfying to slaughter your friends!
Product received for free. The direction of the game is very well. I would definitely recommend it to people who love games with endless hours of playability and a new difficulty in every match. While there are lots of cons to this game such as no party system and hook camping the game is in early access. Pro tip If the killer is a hook camper continue to work on generators. As the hooked survivor is hanging and being camped you will have plenty of time to repair generators.Why should I buy this game? Dead by Daylight has unlimited playablility. While the objective is the same it never feels repetitive to me. Just like CSGO or any other game. If you want to sink your heart and soul into a game Dead by Daylight may be the game for you. What's to come? The developers are working on a party system as of this review and plan to add more maps items survivors and killers. The game in its current state is well priced and really worth it. Why should I believe you? Maybe you shouldn't. But give the game a go it's definitely worth your while. Most negative reviews are about the bugs but I find the bugs to not be that game ruining at all. Playtime as of review 47 hours
The fact that the killer can leave mid game and cause you to loose a survivor rank is just idiotic and should have been fixed before they even released the ranking system in the first place... not happy with this game.
This is maybe 20% of a game. Not worth the money at all with all the bugs and problems. I have 3.5 hrs on record and probably only 40 minutes spent actually getting to play the game.
I payed 20$ for this game and it worked for a while. But after the recent update (which I couldn't even install till I uninstalled the game 2 times) I can't even join a lobby without my game crashing or being sent back to the "join lobby" button. It worked before but now I can't even play.
Alright. First check how many hours I've had in this game. That alone should be saying something. (I was job hunting and had plenty of time alas those days are over)I could write a 10 page review on this marvelous masterpiece but I will keep it short and sweet This is why you NEED to buy Dead by Daylight.Best 18 20 bucks I've spent in AWHILE. As a lifelong gamer I really can say this is a top 10 favorite.The pros ++ The music and sound effects alone make the experience literally get your heart beating faster. Hell I think it even boosts your metabolism because of how on edge you can become.+ The game looks pretty cool. I like the style of landcape etc. The maps they have now 3 main areas with smaller sub areas are incredible as they are now but there are still updates and new maps in the future. I've played easily over 100 matches and in 3 maps I can say with confidence that it has NOT gotten old. I'm really impressed as being someone who plays everything from Dark Souls to Elder Scrolls to Fallout.+ If you are like me and loved hide and seek and tag when you were a kid and also now you'll love this because basically this is a "grown up" version of that game.+ The team aspect is excellent. Banding together makes repairing healing and basically ensuring your survival a lot easier and it doesn't feel poorly done or forced. I usually like working alone but this game really makes the working with others aspect appealing.+ The items/loadout works very well. Plenty of offerings to put forward and the items available are straight to the point.+ The stealth aspect and hiding behind objects etc. works nearly flawlessly and the feeling you get when the killer runs RIGHT BY you is unparalleled.+ The multiplayer aspect plus the ability to play with friends makes it that much more entertaining.Negatives Several glitches even in the introductory part of the game while you are waiting in the lobby. That one can be overcome but then there's some really frustrating ones in game especially if the killer's internet is because you rubber band all over or it's choppy and there's lag delays. Although I love the 3 maps I would definitely say more maps would definitely not be out of the question.I'd love to answer any Qs you may have as I almost literally know this game inside out!
better than pengabdi setan 10/10
Really enjoyable game to play. Plenty of killers and plenty of perks to unlock for different characters. DLC characters and killers are also really fun to play as and against.
I do recommend this game but a little heads up. Its a huge grind fest. You will get trolled by killers and survivors And if you think getting a better rank will stop you from being tunneled and facecamped your wrong. lvls 15 to 10 is the more trolly killers they are on that brink where they still think rank matters and are super try hard. But all in all there is just too much fun in this game
I love this game but the pay to win and unbalanced gameplay kills it.
Reccomending this game is very difficult. This game is loaded with gamebreaking bugs and glitches that can make it a frustrating experience. However if I was not frustrated I wouldn't care and this game is one of the best experiences I can have in steam. This game is not beginner friendly in the slightest but that just makes it so much more rewarding when you can finally escape the killer. The meta shifts greatly and currently I am not a fan of the whole pallet looping meta we got going on but that's okay. Constant new updates keep the game fresh as well as fix many issues with the game. Personally I liked daily rituals better when there was a big deal and you could get over 100 thousand bloodpoints but I guess it's okay. Overall this game is highly competitive and for good reason. The rank system could still use some work
gr8 game 10/10 would recommend if you like brain dead pallet looping and running infinites
i thing we did a pretty good job so far
This game is a lot of fun and simple to play. They did a really great job not overcomplicating the mechanics and objectives of the game. Some perks seem a little bit over powered and can get frustrating to play against but with proper tuning it could all be worked out. Solid 9/10 highly reccomend.
You'll regret every second you play but you'll keep coming back.
great game to playeasy to play and good fun when you want to waste a few hours
This is the opposite of fun.
good game but the need to fix when somebody leaves because i lost me rank beceause leavers
This is like soooooo fun. OMG It's so much better than f13
i don't know why so many people dislike this game. But i think this game was fun and awesome. i'm so recommended this game for you guys who need a games to play together with your friends.
I really want to like this game check that I actually really do like this game. The night I purchased this I bought it along with four other friends and we played a few hours in a private group the issue came when one person left....We quickly realized that this game has no public match group support so you can solo q or well you can solo q. If you dont happen to have a full group of five people then you arn't even able to private q so basically you are unable to play with friends. More over not only can you not play with friends you can't even play with the community. Basically there are no redeeming social aspects to the game and for that I give it a huge thumbs down. I have read that the dev is "working" on making group play a real thing but before that they want to make sure people who drop out of games early are punished better. I don't understand why this game even has a ranking system or trys to promote any kind of e sports functions. If it was a lets try to survive a psycho killer with your friends that had all the fun and screams that I enjoyed with a full group of people then it would be a home run. Sadly Starbreeze Studios really dropped the ball on this one. I would check back in on this to see if they fix the social issue because it is super fun just not alone.
Refund button is work
Im just doing this for the badge but this game is very good
Honestly it s just a really fun and very addictive game. Couple that with weekly dev streams and regular updates and I m really quite impressed!
I have never been past the title screen of this game because every time I open it I simply get the message "cannot connect to online services." There are threads upon threads upon threads about this problem posted on the steam community boards and yet there has still been no firm solution for how to fix it and from I can see the devs give little to no about fixing the issue for the people who have spent their money on this game. Don't waste your money on this game. Spend it on anything else.
Not quite worth your time
The devs are so imcompetent and plebian that it is no surprise that people hack the out of this one. Don't buy this game.
+ its fun+ addicting P2P games. even thought its not F2P Unbalanced MM
They removed infinite. semi infinite still in game. infinite pellet loops that let the killer chase u for 10 min all gens done.devs are stubborn and never play in Rank 1 games the game is still heavily survivors favors.u are encouraged to taunt the killer and u get little to no points for being stealthy.Devs will never understand the issue of the game
Game is fun when it wants to work but matchmaking is garbage. If you have friends good for a few hours but definitely a bargain bin buy.
Incredible game. Very addicting.
I was very hesitant when buying this game. I was worried that the launch was just a few days ago and I heard it had several bugs also that it was pretty much one game mode. Anyways even though I was hesitant I bought it. During my time with this game i've dealt with long loading screens and the bug where you can't pick up a survivor as the killer. Yea it sucked whenever that happened. BUT i've been having loads of fun playing this game it's competitive it's a bit scary although you always want more! It just makes you feel so awesome when you survive or when you actually outsmart the survivors and sacrifice all of them. If you like Depth or games like Left 4 Bread I think you'll really enjoy this game. I can only hope that the devs continue to improve/support and add more content to make this game the best that it can be.
Great game with really toxic people that ruin the game.
Product received for free. Last 10 matches Got spawned right next to a killer Got instantly found like they had wallhack Got hooked Got facecamped Got 280 points at the endPros Facecamping simulator 2k17 Op everywhere Learning new swearings from 9 yr olds Kids claiming they are my dad/mom/sister/aunt Getting sent back to my mother's by 10 yr olds Lag simulator 2k17 Bug simulator 2k17 Paid dlc simulator 2k17 Every update is breaking the gameCons Great game. 9/11 would play again in 10 years. I still feel robbed even though i got this as a gift
Fun for the first 2 matches and then it becomes repetetive and boring.
Each time i try playing this game it either gives me error 100 connection error or SAYS IM PLAYING SPACEWAR WHEN I BOUGHT THE GAME. For the Actual 30mins i actually played around 2 YEARS AGO i enjoyed it. But since this has been a constant problem each time i tryed playing and even after contacting steam and the dead by daylight team about this error i still can play. Would i recommened this? Hell no. Fix your game.
Very fun terrifying and always getting updates for minor bugs. Not overpowered on any one side. 11/10 would reccomend.
okokok
goofd
This game is literally no fun if you dont play it with friends.But it is 100% recommended with friends.
This is one of those times where I wish that Steam had a neutral setting I don't feel absolutely qualified to give the end all point of view on this game but I think the first look of a newcomer is a valuble perspective to look at.The game is an absolute thrill to jump onto with a group of friends and is the only way I can really recommend the game. From the menu screen to the perk tree from the game to the afterwards eveything is downright atmospherically creepy. The "uneasy" horror feeling is very well captured. Whether you're screaming and running from the killer or desperately fixing a generator the game succeeds in bringing out that heart pounding exhilaration of Outlast or Penumbra.However after a few hours you can already see the writing on the walls. The game takes itself a bit too seriously it seems. IMO this game is best as a scary casual experience but like with most games a few select people want it to be more than that. You might be a little noob laughing your off and running around aimlessly with your friends... The killer has over 500 hours of experience has mastered their character of choice has memorized every map layout knows all spawn location patterns all generator points etc. The game's counter to this is a constant balancing tweaking reworking everything from perks to villains. This again in turn supports the feeling that the game is trying to be something its not... some kind of actual competitive skill based gameplay for the few who take it way too seriously rather than the masses who just want fun.I will return in future dates with my friends and update my review accordingly I just hope they make the game more casual terror filled fun as opposed to a competitive wipe the floor meta experience )
hốt vl
be the hunted or the hunter this is an amazing game for those that like the trill of the chase and its fun to evade the killer for those heartpumping moments
Join lobby.I'm level 1.A guy next to me is level 20.He asks me to leave.I ignore him.He says he does not want to play with noob.I ignore him.Another level 20 joins.The first one keeps asking me to leave.I ignore him.10 minutes into the game.5 engines repaired.Only me and the first guy alive.I open the exitHe gets caught.He cries.He struggles.He wants to live.He looks at me....I ignore him.I escape.10/10 would sacrifice again.
ok this game is good but the only down side its thats that you cant creat a lobby and invite your friends and that is allso do i recommend this yes if dont to play with your friends or you dont have friends in genral
It's a great game.
BRILLIANT AND FAVOURITE GAME!This is an extremely fun game to play with friends. In some cases it is okay to play online however you'll find barely any team mates will help you. Other than that this is a really good horror game!With the addition of Survive with friends it has made the game greatly better you can have hours of fun with your friends with a new experience each time.Additionally some of the killers are annoying *cough* the Wraith *cough* and many killers will just camp you on the hooks like they are babysitting you but everyone has their own play styleSome killers are actually quite cheeky and will team up with you and help you repair generators if you help them kick down barricades/ hit you a few times for points. GETTING INTO GAMESAs of patch 1.0.5 trying to get into games is absolutely horrible you could be sitting in a lobby getting 'no matches found' and then finding that the killer leaves because he is matched with high level players. KILLERS STOP BEING S.OPINIONSPersonally i get randomely taken off the game whilst normally playing due to unknown errors where a message is displayed asking why you were taken off the game which i suppose is good for the developers and their future enhancements.The ranking up system is slightly bad you have the skill tree level which is fantastic then the survivor/killer rank where you have to win numerous games in a row to rank up an XP system of some sort would be prefered (opinion)Again the game is really fun when managing to get into a game and i play i have much fun playing it for hours on end
I don't really feel like I need to review this game. Because of its popularity by now everybody should know what they're buying.It's abit like hide and seek but the killer is always it. You're trapped in an area and need to fix generators to restore power to the door. Open the door to escape sounds pretty simple right? You already know anyway?The replayability of this isn't amazing. I can come back to it occasionally but as you can see I don't have masses of hours on record. Thats because its the same thing over and over. I would still recommend it though especially if you have a group of people that own it. A major downfall for a Twitch streamer is they also VERY TEDIOUSLY don't allow you to rank up in Custom games. If they don't want it to affect ranked they need to at least a seperate system so you actually have a goal or get benefits from playing games. I grew tired very quickly because I play with friends/viewers alot and no end game reward kills it. It's not even that hard to implement. Dev's if you're reading this just please.I'm not a ranked try hard. If I was I would probably say playing Ranked on a broken game would be way too stressful. I'm out on it completely. The glitches are REALLY f**king annoying and you can do really well but t**ts will just immediately leave when they get killed.I feel like the developers are working on this I recommend because of this. I know I've torn this game to pieces but they'll probably add more characters and alot of content. You know what its about you know what you're getting. If you're reading this you think it looks fun. Thats because it is (for a bit) its something you can go back to with friends occasionally when you're. Just be warned it needs alot of work.twitch.tv/LeftResponse#SellOut
This game is a great hide and seek game but has a few problems with no friend queues and somtimes its hard to get into a lobby when the game cannot find a match but i hope a lot of the problems can be fixed and could make an immersive survival horror game.p.s windows in the ironworks of misery+survivor killer getting mugged off a lot
Started the game.Died within 30 seconds.10/10 would get spawn killed again.
After reading the reviews (yes even the bad ones) I decided to give the game a try. I'll address the popular negative review points.**BUGS** I haven't encountered a lot of bugs just one. Sometimes when i'm trying to crouch and move I just stop moving. And I'm not sure if it's my computer's problem or the map's. I have played all 3 maps and it happened in all of them.**LOBBY ERRORS**I had wait times of less than a minute connecting as a survivor you do get the "failed to join lobby" error but you just have to re click the "join lobby" until you get one. Never took me more than 2 clicks. I feel like the issue is mostly not enough killers (killers make lobbys) and too many survivors. Reading the reviews made it sound a lot worse than it actually was and this is at best a slight annoyance like seriously REALLY minscule. **PARTY GAMES**Devs are working on it and by their developer updates it seems like it's coming along swimmingly. Honestly I don't have anyone else to even play with so this is not a deal breaker for me. **BETA VS FULL RELEASE**As I did not have access to the beta I cannot really comment on this The only issues I kinda have with this full realease I wish there were more maps survivors and killers. Hopefully more will be coming I haven't heard anything about that.Whew! Now that we got the main complaints out of the way. Let's talk...**GAMEPLAY**I actually had a lot of fun with this. The soundtrack is great and the mechanics are awesome. Fortunately I didn't deal with any window chessing people rage quiting and my rank managed to stay inttact. Playing as a survivor is actually wikcked fun and it's actually stressful. You can't attack but you can outsmart Just be aware of your surroundings As a killer you have awesome traps and abilities. **IN CONCLUSION**This game has great gameplay and if you're willing to do a few clicks to join a lobby then this game is for you. Definitely worth it hopefully it will improve with future patches.
I am contemplating suicide.
Product received for free. Very fun multiplayer horror game.
Its really hard to find any games
This Game seems to have potential but there is 1 breaking point.. there is no Option to play with 1 Friend vs other People.. its only possible in Custom Match.. thats a really critical point.
While the game has certainly had a jaded history of bugs and issues Dead by Daylight is still a whole lot of fun at heart.
Great game has that adrenaline rush when the killer finds you but it's much like Friday the 13th but downgraded but is still a great gane and can still improve to be that horror game everyone needs to buy.
another broken game that waited too long.if thats not enough heres another reason the game is dead we couldnt find anyone with either trying solo play or with each other and with 4 different areas and different internet providers im calling this game as dead.
I have just recently played this game i was taken in by it's uniqe killer vs survivors theme and hunting down my freinds was great fun since it involves strategy and thinking outside the box. However this game fell on its face the second i realized you cant even level up in private matches at first it seems understandable they dont want poeple to mine for xp that is untill you realize NO ONE WANTS TO PLAY WITH A LEVEL 1 SURVIVOR and good luck with the match making system that will put you in a group of level 20 people who will imediatly quit apon seieng you forcing you to get lucky on whos in the lobby. This poor execution leaves alot to be desired and needs major overahul before it becomes a playable multiplayer experience.
DBD is your every day horror game There aint much else to it. Still a really good game but no game is perfect they all have their flaws.PROS Many hours to put into the game variety of survivers and killers each haveing their own perks and bloodwebs Not a lot of expliotable tactics the survivers must rely on how well they can juke (could be a dumb killer or a smart surviver) Easy to rank upCONS Needs to have dedicated servers instead of killers host killers normally have garbage internet or like across the world Some killers abilitys are stupidly over powerd for example the doctors shock therapy can shock through walls A lot of lobby doging killers when they see the survivers ranksI would recomend any one to get this game.
I think this is a great game I was hyped about it when I was looking for some co op horror games. This is a literal horror movie simulator plus the lore I read was quite a interesting touch and a soild connection too the game.
First of all The Game is really good. BUTThe Support is just horrible!!! There is a Bug known for almost a year called "Lost Progress".As the Name already calls it out there is a chance to loose your Progress like i did and now im waiting for more like 1 Month to get Points or anything in exchange but the Support just doesnt care.. Of course it's way more important to release new DLC's and SH** instead of helping the Players with their problem. Already sent 3 Mails wrote personally with a Mod but it changed nothing. edit Got an answer like 1 5 months after the problem occured. I got Bloodpoints in exchange (not enough for the time i played) and my "legacy" skin is gone too. ______________________________________________________________If you wanna play Killer go ahead and buy the Game. But if you want to play Survivor don't even think about it. With each Patch the Developers somehow nerf the Survivors and buff the Killers (With Perks and other Changes) so as a Survivor Main i can't enjoy this Game anymore.
Unbalanced game a lot of bugs the networking and matchmaking does not work you get kicked for no reason it freezes you disconnect the game just goes on when you close it. Overall it might be fun with friends if you get it on sale but that s about it. It also lacks broader gameplay as it s basically always the same procedure.
Just played a game where the player and killer work together to farm points. No way to leave match or report players. When players ruin a game and devs don't clean up the bad apples I don't see much reason to play. There a so many good games out there I don't need to waste my time on this garbage.
I like dead by daylight
90% Of this game is People crying about "Camping" I don't fully understand why though. IF the monster is camping that is 3 gens for FREE! You would be hurting yourself more to Camp as a killer then for the other 4. It is very well balanced BUT the people Make the very good things sound like they are the worst thing in the world. Like body blocking or being a meat shield. They are kinda needed with some of the killers as many can 1 hit you. Also some can be Toxic calling you hacker cheater camper so on and so on. How ever I do NOT wanna scare you away with buying the game. For $30 it was a very nice game. Being lev 0 and being trash. The getting lev 5 10 and we get better and learn the maps. And lev 15 25 you are much better and gettign a good idea of the game. And if your with the max ranks they will 90% of the time have the better perks and save you more. So in english. If your a killer (you get hate) If your a medic you get all the (love) in the world. For newplayers Try to youtube or google a few tips if you need them. Last on the list...HAVE FUN! P.S. *YOUR A KILLER! DO WHAT YOU NEED TO DO TO GET THE KILL!* AKA camp/play smart/be calm/understand when to stay and watch the guy on the hook and when to walk away
The game is lying to you it never becomes day. I spent all night trying to get a tan. The sun never came out. They should name this game 'dead before coming out the closet' &gt because the sun doesn't come out. HA Ha Ha. I'm so funny.
its called dead by daylight but the game has no daylight? would not recommend cos the game is a liar.
You left your game to die!!Bugged killers hitbox is pretty good he hit me from the other side of the map!I like concept of the game thats why am still playing it a bit!Skins are not that good and make a bit more sexy skins for my meg! )
bag of literally everyone uses exploits..
This game is a joke. I lost progress because I had to Alt + F4 due to infinite loading.
Don't buy it right nowYou cannot play with your friends unless you have exactly 4 other people.The variety of maps characters and gamemodes are very lacking.The bloodweb (upgrade skill tree) is a unique system that I love but it needs more refinements. Lackluster matchmaking if you want to play solo killer. Evolve is better in that respect.I will edit my review if any of this changes. But it is not worth the money right now.
Not as many hours as others but I've played long enough to have identified the issue. Campers. Put someone on a hook and stand still next to the hook if you want to be an .Great game otherwise.
When the game first came out everything was good! Now it seems the developers are making this game worse as they keep updating and updating. That's some stuff you can really overlook however what makes this game bad is the community. People complain about killers that need a buff and survivors need debuff which the developers get sensitive about and just go along whatever the community wants them to do. Another thing are the campers/ area camping. There are killers that camp near you to prevent you from escaping regardless if other survivors are trying to rescue you. This has been going on since the beginning when the game was released and the developers refuse to do something about it cause they dont see it as a "big deal". Hopefully they deal with the campers and tje unbalanced killers as well such as myers and the doctor.
Game is Awesome but I'd like to formally start a petition to change the name of the game to "Spooky Scary". Thank you
I lost all my data all my work Pretty GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDD JOOOOOOObbbb soooo farrrrrrrrrrrrrr
"Pretty good job here."
The game is really nice overall but it is really hard to come into the same lobby as a friend iiif you are not playing as a 5 man lobby.
I am so glad I was able to play this for free and NEVER WAISTED my money on this game. I absolutly hate this game. Firday the 13th is so much better. You are baseing this game on reaction time NOT SKILL!!! Where is the challange in that? This coupled with the fact that every thing is super slow to accomplish but the killer is much faster!! This is only good if you are the killer. The game is not ballanced in this reguard. I do not recomend it. Thank you for the opertunity to try it but I will be uninstalling it.
If you wiggle as soon as you get picked up from a bear trap you can make the serial killer into a orbital killer. The game is overall kinda meh. Some enjoyment to be had but gets repetetive after a bit. On a random plus you can play as Bill from left for dead.
Best game ever
Просто заведи генератор. Сделай это.
I love this game I really do but there are so many flaws. For example MM's Evil Within 1 terror radious. It makes them so easy to camp the survivors. I know you said you aren't doing anything about camping after it being abused but at least try no matter how much abuse it gets. Make that 15% that are fair and play the game normally happy and try. If not your game may die from F13 (it unlikely but it's always possible).Or another thing pallet looping or sitting at pallets. Bloodlust helps a chase end quicker but they can fall into a pallet looper's tricks even easier now and get stunned over and over and OVER! I have an idea to stop this or at least make it harder for those who sit around make it so only a pallet can be dropped while running.There are many other things I could complain about but i would be sitting here for hours.Please BHVR step up your game with this. I have hope for this game but with all the easy to do exploits I'm starting to lose it.
bajs
Kesinlikle çok zevkli bir oyun arkadaşlarınızla oynarsanız çok hoşlanıcağınızı düşünüyorum. hayatta kalanlar ile katiller arasındaki ortam gayet dengeli bazı katiller dışında (hag freddy leatherface) onun dışında her karaktere özel unique perki var 30 seviyede farklı karakterlere de verebiliyor bu perkleri Oyunun grafikleri çok tatlıOynanış açısından sorun çok az
The game currently is unplayable due to people leaving or dcing out of a session thus ruining the game for the killer. Who is the host and the only player that matters for making it fun for others. Its a mess but extremely fun at the beginning of the game when you just start out.EDIT I changed my review since the update. Now killers and survivors are balanced and you are no longer punished if people leave the match.
Dead by daylight is very good game
Great Game!
Was once a great game. Sadly the game has devolved into an unbalanced mess. Poor design decisions have resulted in toxic gameplay and a negative community. The game is now full of trolls and bullies.
review
It was on sale. I wanted to see what the fuss was all about. Played it for an hour. Regret buying it.As a survivor there's no real reward in completing generators. Sure you just move on to the next one (where there's 5 in total) and so on. Whenever the killer gets you there is a "Press to wiggle" function. This gives you a chance to break free from the killer and escape. He then drags your over to a hook. where he will impel you untill a survior comes to your aid. It would've been a great feature if the hooks weren't 2 inches from each other. And if you are new to the game and are a low level character there's not much fun in it for you. You have to grind and grind your character to a certain level before you can start to have a slight of a chance. And those perks includes things like tool boxes which makes you repair generators faster a simple flashlight so you can see! and so on. This game introduces itself in the worst way. Looks like fun when you watch someone else play it. And it doesn't explain you that you need to put hours into it before you can perhaps enjoy it. Steam library uninstall forever Take my money
sick
Playing with your friends is not usually possible due to bugs but is quite fun when it does work
Bing Bong from Inside Out gets his revenge as the Wraith
As a survivor you have a choice 1. let your friend(s) die working alone and die2. save your friend(s) killer chasing you and die together.10/10 would die over and over
Altough the community is very Toxic with facecamping killers to teabagging survivors I keep coming back to Dead by Daylight to spend my time. With each progress you feel some accomplishment and never feel like your time being wasted. There is a good balance between killers and survivors (sometimes they fk up the balance with a new killer) but that's solved with a quick update most of the time!
Nov 2017 This game is reaching the potential that it first had the developers are far more thoughtful when it comes to problems they dont rush to bring out unbalanced DLC to make more money. This game is a lot of fun.You need a thick skin to play killer you will always have salty survivors you killed being toxic. BUT if you play this game with the intention of it being for fun and dont care about dying or about making sure someone dies on a hook (camping) then this game is a whole lot of fun. Try it you might just love it.Nov 2016 This game all depends on your outlook. If you are easily triggered by other players features in a game that make it unfair or developers that dont fix issues that are underlying in the game (camping Infinites etc) then this game wont be for you.Its got issues which are slowly being worked out. There should be a patch on the day I am writing this review to lessen the grind for perks and prestige. HOWEVER if you play this game for fun (and not too focused on getting points or the full win) then this game is fantastic. If you play the game how the devs envisioned it to be played (its not too hard to work out what the wanted dont be a and ruin the game for other people i.e camping) then this game is very good fun especially with teammates. You must have a thick skin though and be prepared to ignore the salt that happens at the end of every game from the people that will whine at you. Killer get this much worse so many surviors will rage at you regardless of what you did in the game.
Originally posted this as negative.After playing this again it is actually a good game. This is currently better than F13 by a long shot and the developers are actually active.
There's still alot of glitches in the game but in terms of gameplay its actually pretty good.
I can easaly recommend this game to anyone sure its going to be hell when you start but after like 200 hours you are going to get the hang of it finnaly get that 4k game or do your first 360 juke. It will be a trip..... a trip you will never forget.( btw watch streamers or good youtubers play it it helps to become better ALOT)Honestly everyone says that this game is bad this game is toxic this game has a very bad community this game has bad devs its unbalanced its buggy But actully is it realy.....that bad? Most people who say thease things have alot of hours on the game alot of hours on the game means you enjoyed it i did and i still do. Sure maybe the developers make a mistake (every update) but it doesnt make the game unplayable.... I want this game to succeed and i want new map makers (please).
Dead By Daylight is a great horror game.I bought the deluxe edition the artwork ost and masks for payday were worth the price in my opinion So Now to the real game.So this game was a wonderful horror game.They were great at making us fear the killer.The sudden shocks and the heartbeats makes the game more realistic.Although there are a few stuff that you can use to make the game easier the killer also could use it as well.This game has a fair balance between killers and survivors which is good although the killer is faster and has more senses than survivors killers make noises which makes it obvious for survivors.On the other hand Survivors only make noises if they fail at repairing a generator.The Camera is quite nice with the third and first person thing.Pros Great GameplayMatching Soundtrack Fair Balance of ClassesGood artworkAwesome EnvironmentsGets the 'spooky feel' to the gameCons a few bugsMultiplayer survivors quit easily even in game.No full storyline we only know a bit of each character and none of each killers.Result 9/10The game itself is very interesting yet the bugs and how survivors can quit easily in multiplayer is quite annoying.The story itself isnt too clear yet the great and Terrifying gameplay would make the game worth the price.(voted this for better than expected)
had many hours played only for this piece of crap dev poor game to crash and RESET EVERYTHING ive accomplished... to never get back....never got help from both this platform AND the devs of the game for my refund OR my data back......
This game is actually the most amazing thing
review
It was on sale. I wanted to see what the fuss was all about. Played it for an hour. Regret buying it.As a survivor there's no real reward in completing generators. Sure you just move on to the next one (where there's 5 in total) and so on. Whenever the killer gets you there is a "Press to wiggle" function. This gives you a chance to break free from the killer and escape. He then drags your over to a hook. where he will impel you untill a survior comes to your aid. It would've been a great feature if the hooks weren't 2 inches from each other. And if you are new to the game and are a low level character there's not much fun in it for you. You have to grind and grind your character to a certain level before you can start to have a slight of a chance. And those perks includes things like tool boxes which makes you repair generators faster a simple flashlight so you can see! and so on. This game introduces itself in the worst way. Looks like fun when you watch someone else play it. And it doesn't explain you that you need to put hours into it before you can perhaps enjoy it. Steam library uninstall forever Take my money
sick
Playing with your friends is not usually possible due to bugs but is quite fun when it does work
Bing Bong from Inside Out gets his revenge as the Wraith
As a survivor you have a choice 1. let your friend(s) die working alone and die2. save your friend(s) killer chasing you and die together.10/10 would die over and over
Altough the community is very Toxic with facecamping killers to teabagging survivors I keep coming back to Dead by Daylight to spend my time. With each progress you feel some accomplishment and never feel like your time being wasted. There is a good balance between killers and survivors (sometimes they fk up the balance with a new killer) but that's solved with a quick update most of the time!
Nov 2017 This game is reaching the potential that it first had the developers are far more thoughtful when it comes to problems they dont rush to bring out unbalanced DLC to make more money. This game is a lot of fun.You need a thick skin to play killer you will always have salty survivors you killed being toxic. BUT if you play this game with the intention of it being for fun and dont care about dying or about making sure someone dies on a hook (camping) then this game is a whole lot of fun. Try it you might just love it.Nov 2016 This game all depends on your outlook. If you are easily triggered by other players features in a game that make it unfair or developers that dont fix issues that are underlying in the game (camping Infinites etc) then this game wont be for you.Its got issues which are slowly being worked out. There should be a patch on the day I am writing this review to lessen the grind for perks and prestige. HOWEVER if you play this game for fun (and not too focused on getting points or the full win) then this game is fantastic. If you play the game how the devs envisioned it to be played (its not too hard to work out what the wanted dont be a and ruin the game for other people i.e camping) then this game is very good fun especially with teammates. You must have a thick skin though and be prepared to ignore the salt that happens at the end of every game from the people that will whine at you. Killer get this much worse so many surviors will rage at you regardless of what you did in the game.
Originally posted this as negative.After playing this again it is actually a good game. This is currently better than F13 by a long shot and the developers are actually active.
There's still alot of glitches in the game but in terms of gameplay its actually pretty good.
I can easaly recommend this game to anyone sure its going to be hell when you start but after like 200 hours you are going to get the hang of it finnaly get that 4k game or do your first 360 juke. It will be a trip..... a trip you will never forget.( btw watch streamers or good youtubers play it it helps to become better ALOT)Honestly everyone says that this game is bad this game is toxic this game has a very bad community this game has bad devs its unbalanced its buggy But actully is it realy.....that bad? Most people who say thease things have alot of hours on the game alot of hours on the game means you enjoyed it i did and i still do. Sure maybe the developers make a mistake (every update) but it doesnt make the game unplayable.... I want this game to succeed and i want new map makers (please).
Dead By Daylight is a great horror game.I bought the deluxe edition the artwork ost and masks for payday were worth the price in my opinion So Now to the real game.So this game was a wonderful horror game.They were great at making us fear the killer.The sudden shocks and the heartbeats makes the game more realistic.Although there are a few stuff that you can use to make the game easier the killer also could use it as well.This game has a fair balance between killers and survivors which is good although the killer is faster and has more senses than survivors killers make noises which makes it obvious for survivors.On the other hand Survivors only make noises if they fail at repairing a generator.The Camera is quite nice with the third and first person thing.Pros Great GameplayMatching Soundtrack Fair Balance of ClassesGood artworkAwesome EnvironmentsGets the 'spooky feel' to the gameCons a few bugsMultiplayer survivors quit easily even in game.No full storyline we only know a bit of each character and none of each killers.Result 9/10The game itself is very interesting yet the bugs and how survivors can quit easily in multiplayer is quite annoying.The story itself isnt too clear yet the great and Terrifying gameplay would make the game worth the price.(voted this for better than expected)
had many hours played only for this piece of crap dev poor game to crash and RESET EVERYTHING ive accomplished... to never get back....never got help from both this platform AND the devs of the game for my refund OR my data back......
This game is actually the most amazing thing
I honestly never do reviews and could care less to do them but this game has really struck a cord. I bought this game while it was on sale a week ago and as soon as I played it I "screamed" with horror and joy. There was finally a horror game I could play with friends and have fun with. However once I started playing more I noticed some killers seemed a tier above others and completely overpowered. So I looked at the list of killers and soon realized that those characters were the ones you had to buy. I initially shrugged it off and thought maybe it was just coincidence that those were the ones always beating my friends and me. But the more we played the more I saw the trend of us losing to these "pay to win" killers. You would run into someone who has over 400 hrs in game but were low rank with these killers and being new players to this game we would get creamed.Now I know it isn't all fair with the normal killers so I think things should change there but my gosh the skill difference between these paid killers and normal survivors (especially for new players) can just ruin the entire game! I mean it gets pretty annoying when you have Michael Meyers slashing you from 4 ft away and follow you through every obstacle and gaining on you to be killed. Then have the killer at the end of the game calling you "an alternative name for a cat" and to do better (even though he has 500 hrs in game and ranked the lowest you can be).Honestly I would rather watch Zombeavers than play a potentially great horror game.
Pros Great gameplay Sound has a massive role in this game which turns it much better Intense moments as a survivor Monthly updates and DLCs This game can be played in lot of ways the game makes you choose between the objective and being out of risk and risking your life in order to help your teammates and get more score and in game money. Developers listen to the community as they implemented the "Survive with friends" mechanicCons Could be repetitive for some people in that case you would feel the game costs much more then it should. You may experience some glitches The servers are buggy and it might cause a big amount of waiting time and joining people who are out of your skill levelIf they haven't fixed the servers yet 9/10If they did fix it 10/11
At the moment in my opinion atleast I believe this game is in better shape than F13 TG. It's less enraging more fun et cetera. Others can have their own opinion but I just like it more at this time.
very fun game I dont know why people diss it soo much for my first couple of hours the game was hard and confusing but once you get the hang of it youre golden stealthing around the killer when they are just feet away from you or nearly missing a skill check that could give you away. This game is better played coop with friends I would'nt reccomend solo
Anyone that are into horror games definitely needs to buy ths game!
Love this game. I play it every day.
This game is an amazing concept. I like it I really do. Do you like Unleashing your sadistic tendencies upon avatars of other people?Playing Predator and Prey and playing phsycologically?Getting Jumpscared almost every day?Juking stuff?Sneaking around?Basements?Getting within an inch of your life?And finally sacrificing people to an old world cult god hell bent on living through sacrifices?Then this game is for you!It's true this game has flaws. Most of them technical but still playable. I really recommend this game if you want to have a good time. However get some friends to play it with. Some of the community are.... volatile. F13 is a good comparison. Just think deeper lore more killers and perhaps more mechanics. /b SEE YOU IN THE TRIAL MY FRIEND.
spoopy
Great Game
Awesome game Full of running healing and repairing generators ofcourseI really enjoy playing this game
Too Spooky 4 Me
you can't queue as 2 or 3 man only with full premade still not fixed for more than 2 months now
So Dead By Daylight is an awesome game killers are balanced and survivors not so much but hey its still fun. Its a good buy if you enjey these kinds of games 9/10 would buy again.
Product received for free. Really liked when the bad guy just hunted me like gotta stick yo in my things AHAHAHA
This game is like anal sex it is meant to be fun but first time hurts as but once you know how to do it you can even enjoy.
nice game but need some players to play with im all alone (
Perfect game 7/11
Fun game lots of glitches and causes anger but still fun.
It is a great game to play with friends but it isn't without flaws. It can be aggravating at times but it is overall a fun and terrifying experience.
0/10 gabagge game.yes im being ironic.
so far so good
Nice Game
very good
Самая унылая игра! (да в пошаговые стратегии играть интереснее) 100000000000000000000000000000/11
Product received for free. Fun game. Only advice (not to devs just to new players) do not camp people on hooks if you are killer. When you do lets just say thats when everyone gets mad at you.
I LOVE THIS GAME (OLD)but the whole problem is that u cant play Ranked matches + with random people with your friends u have to play privatematch and thats suck all what i do is that adding some random people then i play private match with my friends but what the Devs said Worst issue right now.Caused by peoplel trying to play with friends.We're working on Survive With Friends mod right now which will allow you to play Ranked matches with your friends against a random Killer. It's coming. We want to say when but there's no strict date right now. We're not being vague just for the sake of it it's just a huge change to the matchmaking a complicated issue which requires a lot of testing.hopes they do this patch quickly(NEW)&gt &gt &gt &gt THEY DID IT&lt &lt &lt &lt BUY IT IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS TO PLAY WITH at least 1 friend
nice game...doesn't get boring after time...it needs a ton of farming tho it's not that spooky yet the delepovers try their best but you may see some bugs left untouched for daysbut overall it's a good game
very nice game but they should reduce the time you are waiting with a friend to find a match
this game is fun if ur with a good friends however it mostly dies out at around 50hours playtime. i know people who've been playing it religiously but personally i find the game to slowly get boring as u get used to the atmosphere and you arent as scared as before. also there are quite a few balance issues matchmaking issues boosters ruining fun for others.id recommend it for a few days weeks of fun but better not buy unless theres a sale too many issues to make it worth at full price.
Good game
....trash
I have played this game a ton. The concept is fun enough but there are some big outstanding issues. Trying to find a match is a nightmare. We've waited more than 20 minutes before giving up. If this was an early access title most of the problems could be forgiven. But it isn't. Friday the 13th The Game and Last Year is just a few months away and look a bit more promising.While I have definitely got my money's worth but until some of the big bugs are fixed I would recommend buying this on sale.
THİS GAME İS GOOD BUT MOSTLY CRUSH GAME Survivals is die ? Ok exit the game is realy big bug
Jason Voorhees and Freddy Krueger would be proud.
The game is fun when it works many other reviews nail that part. However the key phrase is when it works. My game lets me join maybe 1 in 15 attempts.... Yes my system and internet connection are very stable. Go figure... Careful what you spend your money on! Update Totally impossible to play online in this game it crashes every time I join a match. Good thing there's an offline singleplayer mode!.... oh
Terrible matchmaking system with long queue times
Murdering friends is much more enjoyable when you're playing a psychotic serial killer! 4
I do agree on below issues." So why do some people enjoy what happens to our bodies during horror games? We don t really know. " There are some theories it might make us feel powerful to survive something so threatening it might be an outlet for aggression in a basically peaceful society or we may just like being scared in a safe space where we know we ll get out alive.Well made horror game. I can recommed you to buy this if your looking for bloodcurdling experience on a moonlit night.
Decent game horrible servers 0/10 would not buy.
Please distribute lobbies according to regions as they are in other games because I can not find survivors when I'm a killer.
Waiting simulator...
its really fun to play with friend
Ran from a demonic mad man got caught in a bear trap and hung from a meat hook then I played Played Dead by Daylight to relax and it was great! 10/11
A great game concept with a lot of unfortunate issues. Still plenty of fun to play when you get to play.If they ever fix matchmaking I would definitely recommend (latest patch indicated issues were resolved that were not. At least a step in the correct direction).11/13 Update I am still going to leave this as a negative review. Matchmaking is still ed however you can now play a game (it's just not going to be matched very well). The developers focus too much on introducing new content and doing cash grabs rather than fixing the game which is a very unfortunate thing. Still fun to play just a very much broken game that they show no intentions of fixing.
This game is really fun but playing with friends is horrible you need to press ready for like a 1000 times before you join a lobby and half of the time the killer leaves and you need to find a new lobby. but overall I do recommend this game After about 4 5 months the crappy match making has been fixed. but there are still a few problems with the game but the devs say they are working on it.
BEST GAME EVER D
The game is pretty wierd!My friends told me it was great when they played the first time.But after 3 hours they said this Game is Very Boring!!!!You just Fix Machines and GTFO.I Think The reason is The Suvivors Has Been Too Suck!Now You can not Make Fun to The killer and laugh at him.You just Hide!!!But I just Like It I still Hope the Suvivors Rising
This game is actually really great. There are problems with it that need to be worked on and looked at but for the most part these things are necessary for new games. It's enjoyable and you'll lose yourself attempting to get better.
Really fun accually well made from how earily it came out I'm glad i brought this its awesome
its not gay
It's free this weekend! Wanted this game for a few weeks now but it seemed to be norrow gameplay and was afarid to buy it. Was hoping for a free weekend to try it out. Played a few games died right away and survied both. A lot of fun so far. Looks like I'm buying it. I do recommend this game however clearly this game will not be for everyone.Thanks for the free demo that was all I needed.
game heavily leans to survivor and killers are done for in SWF groups but i enjoy it even though people on here harrrass you if you patrol 3 gens or play a certain killer
Dead by Daylight has always been my favourite game to play there's always constant updates on the game to improve the game. For example the revamp of the blood web to have have lesser nodes and the choice within 2 perks instead of one. Really helpful update! The idea for survivors to have infinite health when being hooked the first time to encourage killer not to camp you is also a really good idea. I love Dead by Daylight hahaha
This game was fun until the Devs decided to nerf survivors over and over along with buffing a Killer that was already overpowered. Unless you can play with friends then this game is definitely not for you. What was a fun game has turned into a broken bug riddled and biased game that will eventually die good riddance. If I could get my money back I would and I never complain about games or write reviews.
Its a really fun game with a great Concept. It Has its flaws But the gameplay is definetly worth it.
i enjoyed the game but while playing there where sevral gliches and i could barley play
you'll experience a fair few disconnects but other than that the game is one hell of a ride. fun addicting and ocasionally terrifying if you allow yourself to be imursed.
Had a ton of fun with this game for awhile until they released Freddy. Freddy isnt only game shatteringly broken he completely drains all the fun out of the game absolutely refuse to play any survivor until they actually do something about Freddy. Instead of pretending the slight tweaks they did as a "nerf". After weeks they still refuse to fix him. Would NOT recommend in it's current state.
If you get good at the game look forward to a banned.
The game is fun the community what's ruining this game. Killers want to nerf Survivors to death and Survivors want to nerf Killers to death. In my opinion just remove all the perks and item add ons and maybe some offerings too. I really hope that the devs are not just buffing only killers/survivors and nerfing the other to death. The minor bugs in my opinion are funny so it's not that big of a problem but that doesn't mean that it shouldn't be fixed. The game is fun overall and I really like to play the game I play for fun. Other people take the game too serious that's why they are just toxic as hell. Devs keep up the good work and don't listen to the community just play the game yourselves and balance the game by your choice.
Really a nice game. Original dark atmosphere fear and tension.Killer and Survivor can increase his powers just some matcihng problems (playing against characters with level more higher than you... really it's not easy) but you can see the current level of players in the lobby and you can leave for change it.Be a Killer is funny like to be the Survivor.
Product received for free. I played 11 hours of this game over the two days it was available for a free weekend. I love it. It's my favourite game and I dont even have it now but I definitely plan on getting it ASAP.The killers all have a unique killing tactic that the player can customise slightly and use in whatever way they want and though the survivors all start off with only different physical looks to each other with the exact same skills you can get a lot of different perks of different availability and ease of use leading up to their unique perks.I'm in love with the art style and gameplay as a whole though I do struggle against The Hag but oh well. It's an awesome game and I really do recommend getting it.Edit Having now bought the game it remains as my favourite. I've levelled up a lot and the game never ceases to get better in my opinion. I really think it's worth it. Anyways enjoy!
Survivor mains angry about new update. Recent reviews are very biased at the moment. The game is fun.
Good Memes
the best game ive ever played i cant wait for last breath
You wanna kill some time and your friends?Dead by Daylight is the answer.Fun game nothing too complicated. Be the hunter or the prey.Set a trap or let talk the chainsaw.Leave the other victims behind or try to act like a hero (at your own risk).I reccomend this game to whoever likes stealth/horror/survior games.Now excuse me but i have to kill a couple of guys that got trapped in one of my bear traps.And later if i'll have some time i'm gonna play dead by daylight.
Why when i enter in the game it says Failed to lauch the game? (i have a good pc)
niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Loved the game at first one that I was really excited about but with newer updates it seems to just break the game. Literally wait 20 minutes just to play a game and then to be kicked out because there is a cheater detected or wait 20 minutes just for the game to crash. As I am writing this I am waiting 20 minutes just to get into a game please stop with the updates. As of right now I wouldnt recommend this game to anyone until the main issue of actually getting to play the game is fixed.
Dodgey and crap security is terrible loads of campers i report but dont get banned. That includes swearing farming and other abuses load of those idiotic people do. My word to anyone who wants to buy this garbage it is a waste of money. The devs should lower the price and highten the security because i have loads of people abusing me so i report them but dont get banned. The flippin vids aren't even game footage. (
I've played the game for a while now and I've had fun with the game so far but now we come to where the game stops working. When you reach a certain point in the game where most player knows the "best places" to run to when they see the killer this is where the game have completely broken. It is intended that the survivors must hide or work together to outwit the killer not just use "infinite juke spots" where it is quite impossible as killer to stop or catch the survivors.This makes the killer to suddenly completely miserable it is a bad section of "Tom and Jarry" a stupid hunter being ridiculed by a small mouse and it's not the one compares measurements with a dangerous killer.It makes me sad because it's a great game right up to this point and I would like to see it done otherwise I do not think it can develop more and probably ends when the other games in the same genre is released.
Can't even find a game IGN 10/10There's no actually way of queueing for a game you have to press ready every time after pressing it for like 30 minutes straight never managed to get into a game awful developer choice
This game may be fun in concept but it is the most bug filled game I've ever seen. The way you get most out of it is just to screw around with your friends to have fun. Every other game you WILL find a bug that prevents you from doing something. YOU WILL find a killer that has likely over 300 latency that rubber bands your character all over the map. Devs WILL refuse to cater to the public opinion and refuse to balanced or patch things. It is so blatantly obvious that the devs wanted to cash in on some quick bucks with an unfinished game. It's fun if you have a group of 4 friends to play this game with. But if you're a solo player trying match making? I would never recommend this even with a gun pointing at me.
ranking system needs to be fixed pls rank 20 vs a rank 1 killer like really ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
No ai poor tutorials very little chance to start playing without everyone off.I can't recommend this game because I don't feel as though I'll ever have the chance to start playing without ruining it for everyone else. It feels like I'm trying to enter a club and I don't meet the proper requirements when I start. This would be less of a bother if I had ai bots to fail in front of a proper tutorial or at the very least a method of organizing players by their ranks so I'd fail as much as everyone else. This game has none of the above. (IF it does have a method of organizing players by rank then it seems awfully strange how everyone is already at their top ranks and nobody seems to be new to this at all considering how I was just dropped in the middle of expirienced players. Twice.) As a killer you can't just kill a survivor. You'll have to attack the survivor then drag his/her body to a meat hook HOPING that another survivor didn't break it all within a certain period of time. I've been told that you CAN kill a downed survivor if you can find a "memento" which I find to be completely rediculous. If you're a killer aren't you supposed to.....well kill people!?As a survivor fixing a generator requires a quicktime action. Because the developers will not have mentioned this ANYWHERE you will most likely fail the first time you touch a generator and either get slaughered because of it or hurt your team's chances at survival because of it.This isn't tf2 pd2 csgo etc. where you can fail in front of ai bots or recieve proper tutorials. This is a polished yet unfinished game that you have to pay for in more than one way. It MIGHT improve over time but as of now I wouldn't recommend you play it at all unless if you know 2 3 other people who also play it.If you want a good slasher game where you play as the killer I'd recommend "Party Hard". It's storyline is decent most of your attacks are stealthy and strategic and the best part You aren't expected to know what you're doing before you're supposed to know what you're doing.
Fun game very sastisfying to slaughter your friends!
Product received for free. The direction of the game is very well. I would definitely recommend it to people who love games with endless hours of playability and a new difficulty in every match. While there are lots of cons to this game such as no party system and hook camping the game is in early access. Pro tip If the killer is a hook camper continue to work on generators. As the hooked survivor is hanging and being camped you will have plenty of time to repair generators.Why should I buy this game? Dead by Daylight has unlimited playablility. While the objective is the same it never feels repetitive to me. Just like CSGO or any other game. If you want to sink your heart and soul into a game Dead by Daylight may be the game for you. What's to come? The developers are working on a party system as of this review and plan to add more maps items survivors and killers. The game in its current state is well priced and really worth it. Why should I believe you? Maybe you shouldn't. But give the game a go it's definitely worth your while. Most negative reviews are about the bugs but I find the bugs to not be that game ruining at all. Playtime as of review 47 hours
The fact that the killer can leave mid game and cause you to loose a survivor rank is just idiotic and should have been fixed before they even released the ranking system in the first place... not happy with this game.
This is maybe 20% of a game. Not worth the money at all with all the bugs and problems. I have 3.5 hrs on record and probably only 40 minutes spent actually getting to play the game.
I payed 20$ for this game and it worked for a while. But after the recent update (which I couldn't even install till I uninstalled the game 2 times) I can't even join a lobby without my game crashing or being sent back to the "join lobby" button. It worked before but now I can't even play.
Alright. First check how many hours I've had in this game. That alone should be saying something. (I was job hunting and had plenty of time alas those days are over)I could write a 10 page review on this marvelous masterpiece but I will keep it short and sweet This is why you NEED to buy Dead by Daylight.Best 18 20 bucks I've spent in AWHILE. As a lifelong gamer I really can say this is a top 10 favorite.The pros ++ The music and sound effects alone make the experience literally get your heart beating faster. Hell I think it even boosts your metabolism because of how on edge you can become.+ The game looks pretty cool. I like the style of landcape etc. The maps they have now 3 main areas with smaller sub areas are incredible as they are now but there are still updates and new maps in the future. I've played easily over 100 matches and in 3 maps I can say with confidence that it has NOT gotten old. I'm really impressed as being someone who plays everything from Dark Souls to Elder Scrolls to Fallout.+ If you are like me and loved hide and seek and tag when you were a kid and also now you'll love this because basically this is a "grown up" version of that game.+ The team aspect is excellent. Banding together makes repairing healing and basically ensuring your survival a lot easier and it doesn't feel poorly done or forced. I usually like working alone but this game really makes the working with others aspect appealing.+ The items/loadout works very well. Plenty of offerings to put forward and the items available are straight to the point.+ The stealth aspect and hiding behind objects etc. works nearly flawlessly and the feeling you get when the killer runs RIGHT BY you is unparalleled.+ The multiplayer aspect plus the ability to play with friends makes it that much more entertaining.Negatives Several glitches even in the introductory part of the game while you are waiting in the lobby. That one can be overcome but then there's some really frustrating ones in game especially if the killer's internet is because you rubber band all over or it's choppy and there's lag delays. Although I love the 3 maps I would definitely say more maps would definitely not be out of the question.I'd love to answer any Qs you may have as I almost literally know this game inside out!
better than pengabdi setan 10/11
Really enjoyable game to play. Plenty of killers and plenty of perks to unlock for different characters. DLC characters and killers are also really fun to play as and against.
I do recommend this game but a little heads up. Its a huge grind fest. You will get trolled by killers and survivors And if you think getting a better rank will stop you from being tunneled and facecamped your wrong. lvls 15 to 10 is the more trolly killers they are on that brink where they still think rank matters and are super try hard. But all in all there is just too much fun in this game
I love this game but the pay to win and unbalanced gameplay kills it.
Reccomending this game is very difficult. This game is loaded with gamebreaking bugs and glitches that can make it a frustrating experience. However if I was not frustrated I wouldn't care and this game is one of the best experiences I can have in steam. This game is not beginner friendly in the slightest but that just makes it so much more rewarding when you can finally escape the killer. The meta shifts greatly and currently I am not a fan of the whole pallet looping meta we got going on but that's okay. Constant new updates keep the game fresh as well as fix many issues with the game. Personally I liked daily rituals better when there was a big deal and you could get over 100 thousand bloodpoints but I guess it's okay. Overall this game is highly competitive and for good reason. The rank system could still use some work
gr8 game 10/10 would recommend if you like brain dead pallet looping and running infinites
i thing we did a pretty good job so far
This game is a lot of fun and simple to play. They did a really great job not overcomplicating the mechanics and objectives of the game. Some perks seem a little bit over powered and can get frustrating to play against but with proper tuning it could all be worked out. Solid 9/10 highly reccomend.
You'll regret every second you play but you'll keep coming back.
great game to playeasy to play and good fun when you want to waste a few hours
This is the opposite of fun.
good game but the need to fix when somebody leaves because i lost me rank beceause leavers
This is like soooooo fun. OMG It's so much better than f14
i don't know why so many people dislike this game. But i think this game was fun and awesome. i'm so recommended this game for you guys who need a games to play together with your friends.
I really want to like this game check that I actually really do like this game. The night I purchased this I bought it along with four other friends and we played a few hours in a private group the issue came when one person left....We quickly realized that this game has no public match group support so you can solo q or well you can solo q. If you dont happen to have a full group of five people then you arn't even able to private q so basically you are unable to play with friends. More over not only can you not play with friends you can't even play with the community. Basically there are no redeeming social aspects to the game and for that I give it a huge thumbs down. I have read that the dev is "working" on making group play a real thing but before that they want to make sure people who drop out of games early are punished better. I don't understand why this game even has a ranking system or trys to promote any kind of e sports functions. If it was a lets try to survive a psycho killer with your friends that had all the fun and screams that I enjoyed with a full group of people then it would be a home run. Sadly Starbreeze Studios really dropped the ball on this one. I would check back in on this to see if they fix the social issue because it is super fun just not alone.
Refund button is work
Im just doing this for the badge but this game is very good
Honestly it s just a really fun and very addictive game. Couple that with weekly dev streams and regular updates and I m really quite impressed!
I have never been past the title screen of this game because every time I open it I simply get the message "cannot connect to online services." There are threads upon threads upon threads about this problem posted on the steam community boards and yet there has still been no firm solution for how to fix it and from I can see the devs give little to no about fixing the issue for the people who have spent their money on this game. Don't waste your money on this game. Spend it on anything else.
Not quite worth your time
The devs are so imcompetent and plebian that it is no surprise that people hack the out of this one. Don't buy this game.
+ its fun+ addicting P2P games. even thought its not F2P Unbalanced MM
They removed infinite. semi infinite still in game. infinite pellet loops that let the killer chase u for 10 min all gens done.devs are stubborn and never play in Rank 1 games the game is still heavily survivors favors.u are encouraged to taunt the killer and u get little to no points for being stealthy.Devs will never understand the issue of the game
Game is fun when it wants to work but matchmaking is garbage. If you have friends good for a few hours but definitely a bargain bin buy.
Incredible game. Very addicting.
I was very hesitant when buying this game. I was worried that the launch was just a few days ago and I heard it had several bugs also that it was pretty much one game mode. Anyways even though I was hesitant I bought it. During my time with this game i've dealt with long loading screens and the bug where you can't pick up a survivor as the killer. Yea it sucked whenever that happened. BUT i've been having loads of fun playing this game it's competitive it's a bit scary although you always want more! It just makes you feel so awesome when you survive or when you actually outsmart the survivors and sacrifice all of them. If you like Depth or games like Left 4 Bread I think you'll really enjoy this game. I can only hope that the devs continue to improve/support and add more content to make this game the best that it can be.
Great game with really toxic people that ruin the game.
Product received for free. Last 10 matches Got spawned right next to a killer Got instantly found like they had wallhack Got hooked Got facecamped Got 280 points at the endPros Facecamping simulator 2k17 Op everywhere Learning new swearings from 9 yr olds Kids claiming they are my dad/mom/sister/aunt Getting sent back to my mother's by 10 yr olds Lag simulator 2k17 Bug simulator 2k17 Paid dlc simulator 2k17 Every update is breaking the gameCons Great game. 9/11 would play again in 10 years. I still feel robbed even though i got this as a gift
Fun for the first 2 matches and then it becomes repetetive and boring.
Each time i try playing this game it either gives me error 100 connection error or SAYS IM PLAYING SPACEWAR WHEN I BOUGHT THE GAME. For the Actual 30mins i actually played around 2 YEARS AGO i enjoyed it. But since this has been a constant problem each time i tryed playing and even after contacting steam and the dead by daylight team about this error i still can play. Would i recommened this? Hell no. Fix your game.
Very fun terrifying and always getting updates for minor bugs. Not overpowered on any one side. 11/10 would reccomend.
okokok
goofd
This game is literally no fun if you dont play it with friends.But it is 100% recommended with friends.
This is one of those times where I wish that Steam had a neutral setting I don't feel absolutely qualified to give the end all point of view on this game but I think the first look of a newcomer is a valuble perspective to look at.The game is an absolute thrill to jump onto with a group of friends and is the only way I can really recommend the game. From the menu screen to the perk tree from the game to the afterwards eveything is downright atmospherically creepy. The "uneasy" horror feeling is very well captured. Whether you're screaming and running from the killer or desperately fixing a generator the game succeeds in bringing out that heart pounding exhilaration of Outlast or Penumbra.However after a few hours you can already see the writing on the walls. The game takes itself a bit too seriously it seems. IMO this game is best as a scary casual experience but like with most games a few select people want it to be more than that. You might be a little noob laughing your off and running around aimlessly with your friends... The killer has over 500 hours of experience has mastered their character of choice has memorized every map layout knows all spawn location patterns all generator points etc. The game's counter to this is a constant balancing tweaking reworking everything from perks to villains. This again in turn supports the feeling that the game is trying to be something its not... some kind of actual competitive skill based gameplay for the few who take it way too seriously rather than the masses who just want fun.I will return in future dates with my friends and update my review accordingly I just hope they make the game more casual terror filled fun as opposed to a competitive wipe the floor meta experience )
hốt vl
be the hunted or the hunter this is an amazing game for those that like the trill of the chase and its fun to evade the killer for those heartpumping moments
Join lobby.I'm level 1.A guy next to me is level 20.He asks me to leave.I ignore him.He says he does not want to play with noob.I ignore him.Another level 20 joins.The first one keeps asking me to leave.I ignore him.10 minutes into the game.5 engines repaired.Only me and the first guy alive.I open the exitHe gets caught.He cries.He struggles.He wants to live.He looks at me....I ignore him.I escape.10/10 would sacrifice again.
ok this game is good but the only down side its thats that you cant creat a lobby and invite your friends and that is allso do i recommend this yes if dont to play with your friends or you dont have friends in genral
It's a great game.
BRILLIANT AND FAVOURITE GAME!This is an extremely fun game to play with friends. In some cases it is okay to play online however you'll find barely any team mates will help you. Other than that this is a really good horror game!With the addition of Survive with friends it has made the game greatly better you can have hours of fun with your friends with a new experience each time.Additionally some of the killers are annoying *cough* the Wraith *cough* and many killers will just camp you on the hooks like they are babysitting you but everyone has their own play styleSome killers are actually quite cheeky and will team up with you and help you repair generators if you help them kick down barricades/ hit you a few times for points. GETTING INTO GAMESAs of patch 1.0.5 trying to get into games is absolutely horrible you could be sitting in a lobby getting 'no matches found' and then finding that the killer leaves because he is matched with high level players. KILLERS STOP BEING S.OPINIONSPersonally i get randomely taken off the game whilst normally playing due to unknown errors where a message is displayed asking why you were taken off the game which i suppose is good for the developers and their future enhancements.The ranking up system is slightly bad you have the skill tree level which is fantastic then the survivor/killer rank where you have to win numerous games in a row to rank up an XP system of some sort would be prefered (opinion)Again the game is really fun when managing to get into a game and i play i have much fun playing it for hours on end
I don't really feel like I need to review this game. Because of its popularity by now everybody should know what they're buying.It's abit like hide and seek but the killer is always it. You're trapped in an area and need to fix generators to restore power to the door. Open the door to escape sounds pretty simple right? You already know anyway?The replayability of this isn't amazing. I can come back to it occasionally but as you can see I don't have masses of hours on record. Thats because its the same thing over and over. I would still recommend it though especially if you have a group of people that own it. A major downfall for a Twitch streamer is they also VERY TEDIOUSLY don't allow you to rank up in Custom games. If they don't want it to affect ranked they need to at least a seperate system so you actually have a goal or get benefits from playing games. I grew tired very quickly because I play with friends/viewers alot and no end game reward kills it. It's not even that hard to implement. Dev's if you're reading this just please.I'm not a ranked try hard. If I was I would probably say playing Ranked on a broken game would be way too stressful. I'm out on it completely. The glitches are REALLY f**king annoying and you can do really well but t**ts will just immediately leave when they get killed.I feel like the developers are working on this I recommend because of this. I know I've torn this game to pieces but they'll probably add more characters and alot of content. You know what its about you know what you're getting. If you're reading this you think it looks fun. Thats because it is (for a bit) its something you can go back to with friends occasionally when you're. Just be warned it needs alot of work.twitch.tv/LeftResponse#SellOut
This game is a great hide and seek game but has a few problems with no friend queues and somtimes its hard to get into a lobby when the game cannot find a match but i hope a lot of the problems can be fixed and could make an immersive survival horror game.p.s windows in the ironworks of misery+survivor killer getting mugged off a lot
Started the game.Died within 30 seconds.10/10 would get spawn killed again.
After reading the reviews (yes even the bad ones) I decided to give the game a try. I'll address the popular negative review points.**BUGS** I haven't encountered a lot of bugs just one. Sometimes when i'm trying to crouch and move I just stop moving. And I'm not sure if it's my computer's problem or the map's. I have played all 3 maps and it happened in all of them.**LOBBY ERRORS**I had wait times of less than a minute connecting as a survivor you do get the "failed to join lobby" error but you just have to re click the "join lobby" until you get one. Never took me more than 2 clicks. I feel like the issue is mostly not enough killers (killers make lobbys) and too many survivors. Reading the reviews made it sound a lot worse than it actually was and this is at best a slight annoyance like seriously REALLY minscule. **PARTY GAMES**Devs are working on it and by their developer updates it seems like it's coming along swimmingly. Honestly I don't have anyone else to even play with so this is not a deal breaker for me. **BETA VS FULL RELEASE**As I did not have access to the beta I cannot really comment on this The only issues I kinda have with this full realease I wish there were more maps survivors and killers. Hopefully more will be coming I haven't heard anything about that.Whew! Now that we got the main complaints out of the way. Let's talk...**GAMEPLAY**I actually had a lot of fun with this. The soundtrack is great and the mechanics are awesome. Fortunately I didn't deal with any window chessing people rage quiting and my rank managed to stay inttact. Playing as a survivor is actually wikcked fun and it's actually stressful. You can't attack but you can outsmart Just be aware of your surroundings As a killer you have awesome traps and abilities. **IN CONCLUSION**This game has great gameplay and if you're willing to do a few clicks to join a lobby then this game is for you. Definitely worth it hopefully it will improve with future patches.
I am contemplating suicide.
Product received for free. Very fun multiplayer horror game.
Its really hard to find any games
This Game seems to have potential but there is 1 breaking point.. there is no Option to play with 1 Friend vs other People.. its only possible in Custom Match.. thats a really critical point.
While the game has certainly had a jaded history of bugs and issues Dead by Daylight is still a whole lot of fun at heart.
Great game has that adrenaline rush when the killer finds you but it's much like Friday the 13th but downgraded but is still a great gane and can still improve to be that horror game everyone needs to buy.
another broken game that waited too long.if thats not enough heres another reason the game is dead we couldnt find anyone with either trying solo play or with each other and with 4 different areas and different internet providers im calling this game as dead.
I have just recently played this game i was taken in by it's uniqe killer vs survivors theme and hunting down my freinds was great fun since it involves strategy and thinking outside the box. However this game fell on its face the second i realized you cant even level up in private matches at first it seems understandable they dont want poeple to mine for xp that is untill you realize NO ONE WANTS TO PLAY WITH A LEVEL 1 SURVIVOR and good luck with the match making system that will put you in a group of level 20 people who will imediatly quit apon seieng you forcing you to get lucky on whos in the lobby. This poor execution leaves alot to be desired and needs major overahul before it becomes a playable multiplayer experience.
DBD is your every day horror game There aint much else to it. Still a really good game but no game is perfect they all have their flaws.PROS Many hours to put into the game variety of survivers and killers each haveing their own perks and bloodwebs Not a lot of expliotable tactics the survivers must rely on how well they can juke (could be a dumb killer or a smart surviver) Easy to rank upCONS Needs to have dedicated servers instead of killers host killers normally have garbage internet or like across the world Some killers abilitys are stupidly over powerd for example the doctors shock therapy can shock through walls A lot of lobby doging killers when they see the survivers ranksI would recomend any one to get this game.
I think this is a great game I was hyped about it when I was looking for some co op horror games. This is a literal horror movie simulator plus the lore I read was quite a interesting touch and a soild connection too the game.
a fun game to play until you run into many bugs that constantly get overlooked. even the new update does not fix many bugs. if you want to play with your friends good luck because matchmaking is garbage.
Worth the price for the replayability but the devs seem more focused on making dlc than focusing on bug fixes. If you can look past that it's a pretty decent game.
The Sash Ringing the Trash Singing Mash Flinging The Flash Springing Ringing The Cr Crash Dinging The Hash Slinging Slasher!!!!!
Great game super fun! However there are a lot of lobby issues that keep me from playing survivor. Regardless I love the game!
Firstly This Game Should Be Called Dead By Loading! Because By The Time You Get A Game You Age 30 Years!Secondly They Should Have Dedicated Servers Would Get Rid Of Most The Problems!Also When You Are In A Friends Lobby You Keep Getting Cannot Start With 0 Killers Well Obviously Not As We Are A Lobby Of Surviviours!Apart From Them Few Teething Problems Its Really Is A Good Game When You Finally Get One That Is!Sort It Out Please!!!!
Product received for free. Feels great when you make it out alive 10/10
I really enjoy this game but I really want to play with my friends without playing a private match as I dont have enough people that own the game yet to make a decent game. We need a party system where you can join a lobby as a twosome or threesome etc. Other than that super fun. Annoying waiting in lobby for people to ready up when they are in and out looking for their friends all the time. Please please please make party system.
Good Fun Game!!!!! Needs more fixes but the devs will get them D
Only problem i've found is that I really want to play with 1 or 2 of my friends in the pub game not the private and play with strangers. Is it possible for you to make this happen? Other than this its a perfect game to me.
Scary as hell and pretty fun to play with friends.
half the hours i have are trying to join a lobby10/10would join a lobby againEDIT pig tree
This was a good game... but why i shoud buy content for money ??? This was here with Evolve and nobody play that before Fase 2
I play this game at least once a week and I love every min of it! It spooks me and it makes me laugh if you can.... BUY THIS GAME!!!
game ! The Devs are made a game which is full of bugs ! If you want to play with a good game buy Friday 13th
so many poeple and moan when they get killed on this game its unrealso if u play as the killer be prepaired for salty comments and people crying i killed you in the game and u wanna cry about it? sack up ffs!!!
Really nice game only bad thing is lobby...
I would like to say this game is AMAZINGBut it's still buggy And I hope this game grows DVery spookyThere's Still some Bugs But the Game Will always be amazing. &lt 3
Oh how I want to stop playing this. This 4 on 1 survival horror game is amazing. The replay value of online play with friends or vs ranked opponents is amazing. Beware of the pvp salty nature poor sportsmanship &amp entitled belife. It will get to you with any lengthy play. Chat it up with anyone who is willing and the game will open up for you. THe most fun is voice chat with friends because then you get to have each others reactions. This game is a little over a year old so ther is plenty of DLC available.
let me paint a picture for you have you ever rode a bike? well same thingif you don't catch your breathe she will.. P.S The nurse is hot
At first I found this game to be really repetitive and thought I was going to regret my purchase. After a while however I realized that this game kept getting me to come back to it as the matches are addicting. There are several different killers and maps making each scenario slightly different. Depending on the skill of the other players the game can be very challenging or easy. Anyways it s a lot of fun!
Spoopy
10/10 Would Get Face camped again
TERRIBLE UNFINISHED PIECE OF DOO DOO!!!
Good game!
Most toxic community i've ever seen
Thousands of bugs.
ıts so good
best game ever
This game used to be pretty fun but now its a masochist's game unless you play killer and and always choose the "Very Easy" difficulty in vidya. Survivors keep getting nerfed and killers keep getting more and more bonuses. New Killer shows that developers encourage camping. While this was frustrating before it could be worked around by grabbing generators while the killer was distracted. Newest killer however has the ability to set traps that grant vision and teleportation to any 10 areas on the map. This gives her the ability to camp multiple locations at the same time. The downside to this omnipresence? N/A.
Game is very very cool but as of now it's unbalanced. I'm a survivor main but recently I've started to lose more and more games and I've tried to play killer for fun (and to try to understand why I'm doing this bad right now). Reason is simple game is easier for killers by far. I use the Huntress with only 1 perk (and a bad one) against a premade team of a rank 4 rank 6 rank 7 and rank 17 survivor as a rank 17 Huntress. They all have perks yet I still managed to sacrifice all 4 of them rather easily. No perk practically no experience as a killer vs a team of organised and kindof experienced survivors with good perks and yet I still destroy them happened more than once. Now imagine if I was not colorblind and could actually see and follow the trail survivors leave behind them while running had experience as a killer and ran some op perks like whispers... I agree with the people that claim survivors are 4 vs 1 and should have a hard time escaping but now this is ridicoulous as a survivor there is almost no way to escape the killer because there is less pallets than before killer breaks them faster and killer vaults through windows too fast for me to lose him. If I go fast he just follows the trail I leave behind me. If I go slow I don't have enought distance to break the line of sight. Winrate as a survivor is less than 50% and winrate as a killer is more than 70% (3 or more sacrifices).TLDR Would I reccomend the game absolutely even with the lack of balancing there is still plenty of room for fun ESPECIALLY with friends and the game is totally worth his pricePS sorry english isn't my first language my grammar and/or orthograph may be very bad
This game is lit as
Its very good
The game is great fun and each match you play can be different. If you're playing as killer or survivor you can always find ways to change up your strategy. Sometimes you will NEED to. The thrill of almost getting caught by the killer but managing to slip away or the thrill of the chase as the killer. Either way loads of fun.And the developers are awesome! The put out a weekly podcast to let the players know what they are working on next. They are always looking for ways to improve the game and have a real passion for making this game great. They also have great beards.There are some players that take the game too seriously if things don't go their way but that's EVERY online multiplayer game. You have some good games you have some bad games. But put in the time to learn new things and you will love it.
Don't believe the hate you read about this game. This is the best $20 I have spent on anything in years. It's fun as both Killer and Survivor and every match is different.Yes it has a few bugs but the developers are commited to fixing them.
Awesome game! Great devs!
They reset my account and still haven't replied to my emails.
amazing game 10/10
Product received for free. I love this game and highly recommend it to everyone who likes horror games 3
When the freddy was launch evry one play with him and when i try to play with the killer i cant cus he is not gonna find me a game i waited 2 hours and nothing to play with the killer........
Yes this game is good. Yes I highly recommend it. There is some things you should know before going into the game. This game is gonna be easy and hard. Some killers are easy to escape and some you cant seem to go anywhere without them finding you. This game is really good. With enough perks and items to keep any game intresting. I recommend a new player to play as a survivor first and follow someone around when you find them or watch a few youtubers play it the game has some things your gonna wanna know about before you get into it. Its a decent horror game and I recommend it to anyone looking for a horror game. Its scared me good too many times. But i recommend it. Its good. Ive put a good 40+ hours before I bought any DLC and I bought the Halloween DLC and I gotta say money well spent.
Игра хорошая задумка тоже . В ней достаточно минусов и плюсов. ПЛЮСЫОгромное разнообразие маньяковЛокации сгенерированны случайноМаньяк может быть не предсказуемыйВ первые несколько часов интересный геймплей МинусыПлохая оптимизация когда гта 5 тянет на минималках 35 FPS а эта игра с 12 FPSОднообразие геймплеяОтсуствие системы репортов (Не работает)Сейчас сурвы (Выжившие) вообще не боятся маньяка ибо появились МАНСИРЫУбогие маньяки нубы которые кемпят все живое и не живое20 тки в 10 ранговой тиме тоесть убогий подбор игроковСимулятор лобби ожиданияДуайты в шкафахИ канешн взломшики которые с 20 рангом и 5 часами в игре уже имеют 3 ПрестижДумаю обзор был вам интерестен
Really fun but can get a little repetitive after a while.. but still a great game
Im loving this game at first im super scared but now I love the game and Im not as scared as before!I def recommend it but the killers can be annoying as hell so as the survivors )
Fun and addicting game if you play killer expect to get tilted sometimes.
Best game. Played 500 hours and not feeling bored of it.
This game has only 4 players 3 killers 1 game mode and a few maps. This game also has a few mechanics for survivors (like knocking pallets over and climbing walls). This game also lacks basic content that all games today should have like team chat in game (typing and voice) chance to play with friends as it is a multiplayer game only (works unless in private match). It was fun at the beginning but quickly got boring seems like a game quickly rushed out to jump on the hype train for the upcoming Friday the 13th game which has a unique formula a killer hunting survivors. Do not buy unless looking for quick fun and if you want something to fill the void until Friday the 13th is released or if game is updated and doesn't have all the problems mentioned earlier.
unbalanced
This game had great potential in the beginning. However going on two months of the game release things are "still" broken... Before "steam" took over the PC gaming world a game developer would have to release a finished product on CD. This game was released months before it should have been. Instead of "balancing perks" fix the real issues connectivity P2P hosting etc... The excuse "it takes time" to fix those issues doesn't cut it. If it takes that much time to fix those BIG issues then the "official" game should have been released later down the road. If you wanted the game to be released to the general public instead of a limited number of players then the game should be classified as "early access" which it is not. Screw the "balancing perks" update fix the real issues. Listen to the real complaints of bug and structure issues not some whiney people because they don't have tactful skills. You tell your players to "get good" well as a consumer to your product I say "release a good update." If you have fixed a bug or a couple right away release that patch... Don't wait for almost two weeks to release that patch release it right away. I would rather have my game update everyday then wait two weeks for a bug to finally be fixed. I am not the best or worst at this game.... Leave the perk balancing alone some things may be to "OP" so what? It's called life nothing is fair. If life was fair I would be a billionaire with not a care in the world but I am not.
I will start off by saying that this is a fun game you play as a killer hit survivors to down them then hang their bodies on hooks to sacrifice them or play as a survivor and work on generators to get an exit open to escape while avoiding the killer but that fun is soon sapped out of the game when you run into these flaws.1. Continual window hopping survivors. Now to be fair they have tried to address this issue but it's still an issue every map has at least 1 spot that survivors can run around in an infinite circles and it becomes a game of who's going to mess up first. Only problem is you wil get survivors who will not mess up and now you have to give up and go check generators or if all generators are done you have to wait for them to make a run for the exit. Which could be in 10 minutes or 30 minutes how ever long they feel like or until they mess up. 2. TERRIBLE MATCHMAKING. As a survivor or killer I was constantly matched against killers/survivors who were 20 30 even as high as 40 levels higher then me. Now for those of you who don't own this game what this means is im running around against a killer or multiple survivors who have high level perks which will buff them and assist them in some wayand they have multiple of these perks dues to their high level while you have 1 perk available and its a low level common perk. So let paint the picture for you your the killer level 10 rank 20 you get matched against 4 survivors level 30 35 32 45 you have 1 perk you can use say sloppy butcher ( makes them bleed more when you hit them) they all have 4 perks at their disposal lets say one has Saboteur (can disable your hooks and destory traps) and some other ultra rare perks to your common perk. You start the match finally knock down survivors to find there's no hooks nearby (due to saboteur) to hang them on and the nearest one is so far away that they can wiggle free from your grasp before you get there. Annoying huh? especially when all this could be avoided by matching you against players of a similar skill instead of throwing you in a blender against the best of the best as a new player.Now some things to mention these problems could change and some of these problems could be addressed in the future but I would avoid this game until then. Now some people may be fine with grinding and being used as a punching bag to higher rank players until they can level up and rank up themselves but im not if your fine with it then you may not mind this game.
The game has the worst balanced department ever if the killer see's you cant outrun him cause he is faster then youkillers have perks where it makes it harder to find them whose supposed to be hiding? Survivors have perks that let them see a crate if your 2 meters away from it...what?best of all its little to impossible to play with friends cause you have to constanly hit ready up wait 5 seconds then if it doesnt find a game after searching for .1 seconds hit ready up again complete the cycle.Oh and if your playing alone and get caught they wont help you cause they cant killer can sit and watch you until you die cause engine take triple as long to fix honestly this game MIGHT be balanced if killers didnt have perksand wraith were removed from the game
107 minutes to finally play a match.. Start as a lvl 1 guy and killer is high lvl die fast and can't play again.. This game is for players who have 4 copies with their friends and all are ready to play at the same time. Otherwise You have to hit the lotto if your solo looking to join a match. I would never buy this game.
This game is great tons of fun always something to work towards.The game has LOTs of potential.but it's far from living up to it at this moment.i will change my opinion if they change things.The major issue is matchmaking.I played even before the free to play weekendand spent almost 3 hours getting rolled by killers...they had 3 4 red perks lvl 40 50 and sometimes crazy high rankwhile i was lvl 1 rank 20 with zero decent perks or items.Not only that but if you get downed and hooked you are DONE.Because when you start out you have people who won't save you.Either due to also being new and unknowledgeable or afraid to or just selfish players using you as a distraction.i had 3 games where I popped every generator by MYSELF.and 2 games where i got 3 or 4 BUT and then got caught out.OR... you get killers who hook you and then sit there watching as you die waiting for AGES as you bleed out.Making it impossible for you to be rescued.Which if you don't know the game actually is BAD to do as killer.Because you get no points no exp no score.and you deny the survivor you hooked score/exp.you just gimped both of your scores. for nothing.and new killers do NOT understand this.so you get perma campers every game.and it sucks. very anti fun.the game doesn't really explain that ensuring a killdenies you points from doing other objectives.This is a major issue as the things you unlock via bloodwebare huge factors against others with good perks and items.ESPECIALLY if you are new.Once you understand the game items and perks matter less.but getting low points/exp at the startreally slows your progress to a crawl.The game is EXTREMELY unfriendly to new players though.The only way to play is against others with no clear explainationof most of the mechanics of the game when you first start out.You have to stumble around in the dark LITERALLY.Most of the advantage comes from knowing the mapsand since it throws you straight into ranked...there is no way to really mess around to learn them.I will say this though.I like the game concept and gameplay.But the amount of work and time that I have to playto catch up to the majority of the playerbase...all the while being at a disadvantage...while being matched against much higher ranks...tl drWatch others play the game on twitch or youtubelearn the game through other's eyes firstbecause you don't have the luxury of learning thru your own.also nurse is broken as hellteleporter with auto aim attacks...
At the start was all ok the lobbi was crap and a knew that. I have no problem whit that . But today i have played this game an another pc and was all fine but now when i come back to this computer ewrithing ist just t up. My character was 15 lvl now is just 5 and i lost all my perks and item and upgrades ..... just fiks that and give me back all my items and perks . Now i will dislike this game but if you gve me back my stuff i vill like it (sorry for bad English)
this game is heavily unbalanced i cant level up as a survivor or as the killer because my enemys are always above level 45. (I'm level 1 I can only use my 3k Blood Points every 6 games because I always lose.)
The best Survival horror game i have ever played there is still som buggs in the game but i hope that Behaviur Digital fix those problems i the furure. Over all i think its a very good game with extremely good in Game experience
to spooky for me... jk really fun
Great game awesome everyone should get it!
Dead by daylight is a 4v1 online game with competitive mode Ok guys this is probably my favorite game I ever played l came here because when l play outlast l was thinking how can be outlast online thats basically this game Very fun with friends and withouth A lot of killers and survivors... there is Bill from L4D29/10 bcause has a toxic community and a not a lot but there are bugs
the game is pretty good but the problem i have is i use a xbox 360 controller on my computer and this game does not support that if i could use my controller it would be way better.
Noice
Fun game but Firday the 13th seems promising.
I think adding a chat for survivors would be a kind of good idea for example "guys come to the hatchet i have the key" or "is the killer camping?"
Fun game!
THE KILLERS WILL CAMP ING CAMPERSWHY RUIN THE GAME FACES
The game is fun dont get me wrong you can have alot of fun playing it. But if you dont like to sit in que for 10 15 mins in between each game you should find something different. Also if you like to play games that all the abilitys work properly then you dont want to play this. I havent played for to many days but have already encountered hordes of people boosting points with killers and survivors working together. Characters arent very well balanced with what skills or abilitys they could have to make then more playable.
THIS IS NOT A REAL RELEASE BUT MORE LIKE AN ALPHA VERSION!If you wanna buy some alpha and to become a beta tester you are welcome. Otherwise stay away from this game. It crashes lags throws you out of lobby out of game etc. You lose your inventory items your points. It's simply completely unplayable.I REALLY DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THIS PIECE OF GAME!
If you buy this game expecting to get away from the "Doctor" don't forget that there is a "Nurse" even worse than the "Doctor"
As much as I love this game and enjoy playing it I find 2 major issues when playing it 1) Randomised spawning is great until you end up spawning 10ft from the killer. It's not fun when the killer can SEE YOU when you spawn. You get a poor score and no currency to spend on levelling up. Since there is ALWAYS a basement somewhere on the map with 4 hooks and a chest surely the killer should always spawn there so the killer can't see the survivers at the moment of spawn?2) Matchmaking can have you with a level 1 surviver no perks or very very basic perks against a killer with a full load out of pink/purple top tiers perks. Again... why bother trying at this point. Surely you should be matched with killers and survivers that match your level with the character you're playing so the experience is fair?Other than that this is a really really fun game but most of the fun is had with friends in a 5 man because of the above reasons online can sometimes leave you feeling a bit... let down by the unbalanced nature of things.
Product received for free. Fun game tho i like playing survior killer nah trolling with the killers is even more fun
While not a Horror game its an interesting premise for a 'Slasher Simulator'.The killers are all vaired and unique enough to suit a play style everyone likes to ether play as or against.Their are some balence issues reguarding higher rank gameplay but the devlopers listen to community and tests things out to see what works and what doesn't.Leveling up is addictive in this game and has high replayabilty due to the different perks combinations.The hours will fly by as your playing this game.Would recommend.
Nie do opisania DDD
The game is super buggy
Great game Really fun to play by yourself or with friends. There are some awesome moments when you sucsessfuly juke the killer or he walks right past you without seeing you as well as the satifing feeling as killing everyone or maybe I'm just a psycopath.
Killbilly luvs kill. Game most killy. Billy has skilly. Billy like. Chainsaw into back from across map most staticifying. Billy like. Survivor lag because other killers no good internet. Also steal my kill. Bad other killers. Billy no like other killers. Billy sumtimes finds bugs. Billy likes to eat bugs but makers don't eat bugs. Billy no like bugged map. Billy like killy. Survivor humens don't like killy. Are annoying. Billy more staticified when they hooked with the Crooked.Overall Billy rate 7/10. Chep turds need more tests before makers release.. Doctor is mean to Billy.
For awhile I was a ing a refused to play this game. I was legit scared and I would scream everytime the killer was in my field of view.I picked up this game again a couple days ago because I ain't nobodies ing and it's time to make my review.I'm not going to explain you the mechanics of this game because if you haven't ing read the million other reviews that tell you I can't help you.This game is fun and its even better with friends.Some killers are better than others and honestly that shouldn't ing exist.Some survivors are better than others but whatever.Michael Myers is in this game and if you play him I hope you and the rest of your family get butchered like a bunch of pigs.I don't like crawling and begging for mercy but oh wait i cant beg because there is no ing chat at all. (I mean there is one at the beginning and end of rounds but at that point you might as well not ign talk at all.)THE KILLER PUTS YOU ON A HOOK AND SPIDER LEGS TAKE YOU INTO THE ING SKYAll in all this game is trash.
Fix your game you imbaciles
bug simulator
10/10 would get called hacker every single game again by small children who still live in the basementAll for the cummies
Product received for free. ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ $ $ $ $ $ $ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤ
This game looks good but I assure you it is total garbage!Accurrate reviews I have seen. Lobby Simulator 2k17 but I have a new one.....Never Ending Chase Simulator 2k17.You get to be a killer but you do not really kill anyone you put them on hooks and the other players just take them right back off......just an annoying experience of exploits. Since I purchased it on a 50% off sale I got a few fun matches but once all the new players left I soon found out why the wait times are ridiculous.....bc no one wants to be a killer so you have huge quenes of survivors and no killers. To make things worse the only way to be effective in killing anyone you have to tightly patrol the hooks you put people on which they have to stay on for a certain amount of time to die........which will get you hazed in the after game chat. Other than the visuals and a few good matches the only thing this experience was good for was seeing what other games people recommend instead of this heaping pile of elephant dung. Which is terrible since they would most likely sell a lot of DLC if it didn't suck. All in all meh spent $12 got $5 worth of game so I can feel good knowing I only lost $7.oh forgot the non esistant Match Maker so you will get paired against people who have hundreds of hours of gameplay and unlocks which I can't fathom why they hate themselves enough for that level of self punishment. Honestly the game would be 1000% better with an offline mode or PVE mode with bots that don't cheat. I mean it will have to be a PVE at some point bc no one wants to be a killer and for good reason. If it were done right this game would be epicly entertaining but it's utter rubbish!
I waited more than 6 minutes in a lobby and didn't find me a game this is very annoying it takes to much time waiting to find you a game but the gameplay is very good
Iz OkehTLDR Hillybilly 3)
DIC is full of fees the novice is very difficult Not recommended
Its a good game once you get into it. It has its flaws (Major flaws are the loss of progress and other ingame gameplay related bugs). The killers are way too strong in my opinion. It might be different once the bugs that are in the game for months now would be fixed. Otherwise its a solid game. I recommed getting it if you are a fan of asymmetrical survival games. Get it now or the best option would be to wait until its on sale.Edit One last thing I have against the game is that it is using peer to peer connection. Its the 21st century... there is no reason not to get dedicated servers. These constant lag switches and laggy lobbies (I check my ping every lobby doesnt mean the killer cant start a download mid game to increase the ping) are the major cause why I keep losing interest in this game.
I have played this game for a long time and felt it was time a made a review. Acording to the fact I say i have played it for a long time that probably shows that I have a positive review this game is great. I love how they are always trying to even out the killer and the survivors ability. They are always making it better and better and adding new content.Great. Game.
Review updated to match with 1.9.1Some aspects of this game are still flawed amount and stun range of pallets ranking systems priorities for certain interactions (f.i. self healing instead of unhooking after being hit) hitboxes of a variety of objects and bugs.The rank reset (on every 13th of month) puts high ranked Killers into matches with possibly prior low ranked survivors which also makes for a very easy killing spree.As of 1.5 it is no longer possible to view/look up the Killer's Steam profile which is also an issue as this does not allow a survivor to make sure he isn't being put in a match with Killer they had blocked earlier be it either for a style of gameplay they do not enjoy to play against hackers and so one.I am aware that there are some survivors who will block and report for absoletly ridiculous reasons. On the other hand some Killers will dodge the lobby for ridiculous reasons like having more than 100 playtime hours or private profiles.Also all it takes for the Killer is to click on the Survivor's username in the lobby to see their profile and check their information (unless private). Very biased in my opinion...However although often frustrating this game is a lot of fun even without friends.The variety of Killers with different abilities makes for more alternation in gameplay which also requires a certain amount of skill to be obtained.There is still a lot to be changed about the mechanics of this game but the developers are very active and keep their community up to date all the time.Though in my opinion survivors should get points for the Surviving category based on how long they've been stealthy/in a match and instead escaping should only give off 3000 points instead of 5000. This would also make for a higher change of not losing a pip when being camped/mori'd after only a few minutes in or at least getting boldness points when the killer just stays all around you the whole time.I've had many matches in which being stealthy saved my life but eventually a gen will explode in my face when I want to let go of it (bc they hate me) leading to my death because the Killer is just close enough for me to not find a good hiding spot in time and then there's the frustration of depipping even though I had evaded the killer many times throughout the game.Another big wish I'd have is for (repeated) exploiters and hackers to just be permanently banned from the game since it seems that they are just let off way too softly many times.
Chill game. Never know what the outcome of a match will be because killers and survivors vary.
Pretty good job !
Product received for free. I wouldn't recommend it yet.it has potential dont get me wrong and its heaps of fun!except It has bugs many many bugs. poor matchmaking system. and unfair characters(Nurse from silent hills can jump through walls where as walls / traps are your only real defence)if they get certain bugs out of the game like the matchmaking bugs. this game could be great! at this moment its not worth 20 or IMO even in the sale the 16.99.
pretty dank
У этой игры есть много плюсов и минусовПлюсы 1.Игра вызывает интерес азарт.2.Разнообразие персонажей(пускай сеичас этого "разнообразия"мало но думаю разрабы разрулят эту тему).3.Уникальная система прокачки персонажей (Опыт Валюта)Из минусов 1.Отстоиная система рангов2.Не полностью оптимизированно для слабых компов3.Маньяк с инвизом очень имбовый.(Ибо быстро раскрывает свою "Невидимость")И игроков с таким видов маньяков бесит.Сам поставлю ПОЛОЖИТЕЛЬНУЮ рекомендацию имхо в нее легко научится играть
superfun!
Buy that
Neat concept but Terrible terrible netcode. Frequent rubberbanding dropping of players etc. Very low skill floor for killers very high for survivors (ie not balanced) Game mechanics encourage the killer to camp once you're 'hooked' (ie countdown to bleedout) Chase mechanic centers around survivors avoiding the faster killers by using obstacles. But using these too much is an 'exploit' and so a bannable offense. Corrupts save files because apparently this is fine even a year+ after release. Use a friend's save because you don't want to start again from nothing? BANNED!Could have been an excellent game in better hands even with all its faults it's kind of addictive but... just stay away. Best case you have a very buggy experience worst case you end up with a ban mark permanently on your profile.
Needs a lot of work before it can really be called a full release.
wtf man so much bug in this game fix it4/10
As of latest patch (Nov 12 2017) Survive with Friends is completely bugged. The mode is nearly unplayable.
I love this game hands down. I'm sure I speak for everyone here that actually getting into a game sucks but everything else is amazing.
I am going to start off by saying this game is LOADS of funThere are 2 roles in this game 1 Killer 4 SurvivorsI am going to break every thing down into categoriesSURVIVORS Power up generators to power up gates to escape (5 generators) Chased by killer 1 hit makes you slower and makes you wimper in pain as it it easier for the killer to find you to down you when you are downed you crawl or you can recover you cant interact with the world at all but can be healed by other survivors You are in third personKILLER Must kill survivors to win not all but even 1 kill is considered a victory Hit survivors twice to down them then pick them up and hook them You are in first person Certain objects in the world is highlighted for youMAPSThese are broken down into different parts of the map Auto Haven Wreckers (a junk yard) Macmillian estate (Just a big estate with logs and house) Coldwind Farm (a big farm with corn for easy hiding and usally a building) Haddenfield DLC (It only has one vairent and is very different with most of the time you going into houses) Asylum DLC (Has one vairent and has a big building in the middle of the map with a lot of pallets and two generators)KILLERS' LISTTrapper (The most iconic and used) Can place down bear traps to trap survivors and damage their health stateWraith (Not a lot of people use him because he isn't that good_ Has a bell that can cloak himself and his terror radius Takes time to cloak and uncloack You are still detectable while cloakedHillbilly (Very good if known how to use) Wields a chainsaw that you have to "rev up" to use that breaks you into a sprint Does double damage to survivors Is deformed Hobbles aroundNurse DLC (used to be good but recent nerf made her bad) Has a blink ability that could be used to go through walls objects ect. she could hit someone for a brief second after blinking then would need to stare at the ground for a second or 2 Doesnt move very fastThe Shape PAID DLC (Kind of op) Has a very very samll terror radius at tier 1 of Evil Within also immune to stealth detecting perks Can stalk people to fill up his bar Stalking people highlights people Tier 2 has a slightly high terror radius and is faster has normal stealth At Tier 3 he can do double damage for 60 seconds before reverting to Tier 2 Overall a complex killer with a huge description for what he can doSURVIVORS' LISTClaudette (The top most surviving survivor) She is black She has 2 good unique perks that make her good Self care Can self heal when damaged only once and assists in healing of others (3 tiers of the perk make it more powerful) Botany Knoledge It assists in her self care and healing of othersMeg She is the fast moving kind She has 2 good unique perks that make her good but one of them is situtational Sprint Burst This is an excellent perk for making a getta away from a killer gives her a boost in her sprinting so she goes faster than the killer for a short period of time before needing to charge it up again Adreneline (Situational) If you are on the ground or hurt when the exit gates are powered you are auto healed and get a speed boost She is white She is sportyDwight Useless Pile Of Nothing Not recommended Is white very very whiteNea She has okay perks Not really that useful White very whiteJake Jake is very good because he is stealty but his main perk is Sabateur Sabateur unlocks the ability to sabatage a hook without a tool box but do it at (this rate) He also blends in good 2 Jakes in a game can be deathLaurie DLC More killer counter oriented Her main perk is (cant remeber name) Where she can stab the killer while being carried get let go and the kilelr is stunned for 5 seconds Other perks can interupt the killers Aura Reading ability (if someone trips a gen it doesn show up to this degree) Is whiteThat covers it for the features and main parts of the gameBravo for reading this all
game was ok played total of 3 hours before receiveing an EAC ban. Apparently i did something wrong. Refused to reverse it which i guess is a good thing on their zero tolerance policy but yeah kind of messed up
this game is a piece of sh*t. f*ck this f*cking piece of sh*t game.
extremely fun party game does have quite a few bugs but seems to be getting less and less since release (slowly tho)
ING FUN
The game is buggy and there are obvious problems however I can excuse that for now because it is fairly new. The devs seem to be interested in improving the game in a timely manner. The game it self is fun. Personally I find more enteretainment in being a killer and hunting down the survivors. However the flip side is also good times especially if you have a group of friends to play with. I give DbD a 7 out of 10.
good game
It s a good game but survivors are a little salty from time to time. But I think it s a little bs that 50% of the games unlockable content is DLC More money. Otherwise great game to play with friends.
Amazin .... just amazing
If you want to play a bug worth 20$ you're welcome
I strongly recommend against purchasing this turd. Why? Because its balance is utterly broken which thus makes the game unenjoyable.If you play survivor you basically have your victory handed to you since you'll be provided with overpowered perks and items. How exciting.If you like winning easily and with no effort you'll love By Daylight.If you play killer survivors will bully you. You'll be powerless to do anything about it because the devs keep nerfing killers to hell and back to the point that you don't play to enjoy yourself but to entertain survivors. That's right you're seen as their play thing to toy around with. They will tea bag insta blind body block pallet loop and insult you in the end match chat. Not the survivors nor the developers have any respect for the killer playerbase.If you like to have an incredibly frustrating stressful experience and play only to make it so that survies keep playing for our developer overlords you'll love By Daylight.Don't buy this turd. Do yourself a favor and spare 20 bucks for a game that's actually worth it.
Its pretty frustrating at times but i enjoy it and cant stop playing it
Been my favorite game to play for months now. A couple bugs that can be annoying but for a $20 game it exceeds many expectations. The developers are very involved with the community and listen to suggestions and reports. The most discouraging part of the game are the cheaters/trolls. Just be sure you report people messing with their connection to EAC as the in game report won't result in any punishment. Hopefully with the paid DLC earnings they will eventually build some dedicated servers to resolve a lot of those issues.For $20 I absolutely recommend this game. It also goes on sale every no and again as well.
Graphics 9/10very very graphically pretty ...woudl love to see more customisation in the characters thoughSound 10/10the heartbeats are utterly perfect accompaniment Atmosphere 9/10eerie and horrific with the tiny touches of footsteps and the heartbeats.. it makes it a well rounded and wonderful feelGameplay 8/10a bit more to do would be great.. but other then that.. easy enough controls so anyone can enjoyMultiplay 3/10now here is where it failed a bit.. it coudl be cause it's sooo new.. but with not many people playing it.. or having to have friends who play it.. makes it difficult to find games or least for me it did Overall 78% Recomend ( we will call it 8 Stars )
I can't get off this game its so addicting! it has very few flaws and when there is a major flaw it is usually fixed in a few days.
This game used to be good when it first came out and it was all rainbows and sunshine the devs promised us all free DLC no matter what. GUESS WHAT?! The first DLC was the only one that was ever free and it was also the one that didn't have an OP killer. All DLC since that has been OP after OP. They have made this game literally so killer oriented that is now impossible to juke a killer that is not blind and if you get hit once you will probably be instantly downed because their "super rare perk" that they added with the DLC is owned by every killer that has played more than 4 hours of the game. Their also used to be a free cam for survivors while they were running. GUESS WHAT?! It's gone. You can no longer predict a killer or learn to because you can't see him while running boards no longer stun for a proper duration and some killers can jump over them just as fast as you. Please do not give these people anymore money. They have ruined this game with update after update to favor the already favored killers. They don't deserve it buy Friday the 13th when it comes out instead. That seems like people who might actually try to keep their fanbase instead of greeding out like these people did.
This game has an awsome concept but the comminuty s it up no one helps their team and on top of that you cant talk smh this game was ok at fist but its full of just baiters trying to be last
I love this game and it is very fun to play has alot of fun mechanics but it has alot to offer in terms of a pretty big skill cap but once u learn the game and watch people play it u will start grasping it and having a very awesome time )
trash
i like it )
I'm done. As a killer main it is nearly impossible to win at high ranks without using nurse or hillbilly and even than I have to hope for the survivors to do a mistake. And that's the biggest problem survivors are not weak. they got too many skills that downright counter killers and give themselve advantages that they shouldn't be able to have. For the survivors it's not a desperate fight for their survival it's a simple walk in the park that's not even challenging and I'm not even talking about pallet loop. Toxic survivors are rampant and doesn't help the overall experience. Bugs are still here and when they fixes something they break something else. Incompetent Devs + Cancer community not a fun game.Unless the game drasticaly changes the way killers and survivors interact in the game I won't see myself get near this game any time soon.After 100 hour of game I can safely say that I have seen around and that it will not get better. Like Mathieu said it so good "you should stop playing killer. Go play survivor or something else."
The most intense brutal game of hide and seek you'll play.
This *could* be a really good game unfortunately technical issues and questionable design decisions kill the fun.1) NetworkingThe biggest issue is the lack of dedicated servers. The "killer" hosts the game. Listen servers only work well if latency is good. But this game doesn't care about regions. Your killer could be on an island in the middle of nowhere or with a crappy ISP. Or the host plays on a crapp rig. The result is lag.Even worse you do not know until your game has started.Besides being the host gives you a huge advantage as the game is running smoothly for you.2) No real party systemYou want to play with a friend? Tough luck because you cannot! Well since the last patch (July 2016) you technically can but it is incredibly difficult to find a game with two (or three) free slots. I guess the systems works if you are a party of 5...3) MatchmakingNon existant. It's normal to play against higher ranked players with more experience than you (and better perks). Perks are not everything but seriously it's 2016!4) Key BindingsYep you cannot change the default bindings on a PC. Welcome to the stone age of gaming! Truth is there are not many keys to bind in the first place. But I am NOT a WASD player. It's sort of OK if I play as the Killer but it's nearly unplayable as a survivour (sprint and crouch).The game feels extremely unfinished. I would expect a more polished game from a seasoned developer studio.In its current state I cannot recommend this game. This might change if they address the issues mentioned above in future patches.
등짝스매시 날리는 엄마의 기분
i really like this game.
This is so cool
The game is great and all but when you play killer at rank 18 you always get matched with survivors ranked 10 and below
1)Select play as a killer2)Wait 30 mins to find a match with 4 survivors full of legacy and flashlights3)Get 4/4 kills4)All the survivors start spamming your profile with rep camper noob tuneler don't respect 360's5)EnjoyEven if this game is actually trash i love it.Pretty good job so far.
Don't buy this game. Freddy is just on fun to play against at all i rather cut off my balls with my fingernais.
"Let's make an anti fun game."Seems like the game design goal they got to achieve.DBD is a festival of unbalanced game mechanics focusing on making an easy life for the killer.Using only windows and pallets a survivor has little to no chances to evade the teleporting / invisible / sneaky and faster killer.Luckily enough for the killer s/he can easily break these pallets and do so faster if s/he decides to use a specific perk (in game "skill") Every single survivor's mechanic is easily countered by the killer's perks or basic abilities.A survivor can heal himself? It will show the killer where s/he is thanks to one perk.A survivor is far from a hooked mate? Her/his position will be known by the killer.If you decide to run as a survivor which you most of the time can't avoid to do jokes on you the killer can follow you without having you in sight.If the killer gets you s/he can easily reach one of the multiple hooks available all around the map making it impossible for the survivor to use the spam "A D" dodge mechanic.Good to know as well most of the time if you get hooked by a killer be prepared to get face camped until you die. It's not a problem for her/him since at the end of the game s/he will get more bloodpoints (in game currency) than the "best" survivor even killing just 1 out of 4. So why even try?Every update is a killer buff never adding new game mechanics for the survivor but implementing new ways for the killers to improve the "anti fun" policy.As a final point take into consideration before buying the game that most of the time at least one of the players rages quit may it be the killer or survivor.
Steaming pile of garbadge where veteran players are placed into the same games as newbies. Horribly optimalized a joke of a tutorial and the only way to play with 1 or 2 friends is to always be survivors. Also there are only ranked modes with the exclusion of being able to play with a group of 5
Amazing game...lately though it's as if there are hackers and they seem to know where you are regardless if they can see you or not. I am loosing some interest.
ตอนโหลดเข าเกม ตอนหาห อง ชอบค าง ค างบ อยมาก หาห องโคตรยาก..
Product received for free. The new patch is good very 1.40 and fix's bug's very good
i dont think this is a very interesting game.Although it will be funny if both me and some my friend have but if i play it alone i think is boring and dull
This game was fun until the bugs made it literally unplayable.
Nice game
Just recently started playing pc and this was the first game I bought and I love it!!!
good game
killers are campers they camp the hook and ruin the whole game dont waste your time the community sucks
no
At first this game is okay good game then freddy come all f***ed up... as if freddy is a p2w killer
Pay 2 Win with Freddy
Gameplay wise it's not terrible. The community though... I have seen toxic groups before but never ones this bad. No matter what you do they are rude condecending and overall unpleasant to play with. So if you can stomach the toxicity go ahead otherwise stay away from this game I will.
awesome game! gets some getting used to but still fun even well you lose.
Waiting in lobby for 30 mins still no game.
Love the game its fun to play and its easy to ignore the toxic people.The issue after this last update 2.1.1 Keep getting the connection error message.I have tried everything even uninstalling and reinstalling the game but nothing works. I would recommend the game but I can't when its not working properly When the fix it I will recommend the game.
boring after a few matches
This game is pretty great. It needs a party system for playing with one or two friends but that is in the works. Well worth the $18 they are asking for it currently.
The nicest monster i've ever met. he let us do our objective and even gave me a piggy back to the exit even through i didn't want to leave!http //images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/112985497071762252/EBBB34C0B4FBF3267A27C0E7AECB2D1FDD99B752/http //images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/112985497071762388/F498A2BEC79168D93E0673E472D6FBA51B9E8CF3/http //images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/112985497071762466/57E76153C990218EA25B47387FBABAFAAAE747B9/http //images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/112985497071762721/73D8FAA46F06E1B4BFF459616035E8BB57053723/http //images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/112985497071762874/AA282C192E5B154C284EFC18D30FF569563E59C3/http //images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/112985497071762952/4932B3CA6B71571AF2A787991C575C1D6947F9DB/
DBD is a fun game but does have quite a lot of bugs. Matchmaking is terrible right now (Veteran rank 1s will get matched with new Rank 20s) which can be quite troubling. Sometimes I also encounter glitchy rocks which makes it hard for me as a survivor to walk/crouch. The peer to peer system is also something I and other dislike. Because of it you'll sometimes get laggy matches (due to Killer hosting it) which can really make it unfun.That aside you can spend quite some time just screwing around with this game. Seeing great teamplay by your teammates is really refreshing too (bodyblock killers distraction etc..) or when the killer decides to be merciful to you. However most people probably won't reach this point. After all this game has a quite steep learning curve. New players won't immediately become good. It takes time and experience on dealing with the killer to learn how to play well and efficient against them. Learn to be unpredictable in what you do don't ever run in a straight line. Watching videos/streamers play DBD will also greatly help you improve as both a Killer or Survivor (I highly recommend this!). So basically don't feel bad when you keep dying as a new survivor or lose against good survivors as a new Killer. The Experiences you go through (which includes learning from your losses) is the key to becoming a better player.
MUITO BOM!!!!!!!!
If you lust for blood or like getting slaughtered this is the game for you. 10/10
Nice coop hide &amp seek game but damn repetitive there s only one way to escape by repairing broken engines. A bit of a disappointment..
Product received for free. This game is incredible...if the developers listened then it would be the best game in my library
Good Game Very grindy and Camping killers can be very annoying!
A great game to play with friends incredibly fun but i think its a little less good if you play alone.
Dead by Daylight was a great idea ruined by incompetent developers. The game was fun at launch but has only gotten worse as the developers insist on balancing the game based on faulty statistics and the complaints of only one side of the community.The game is still asymmetrical but instead of it being a horror game where the survivors hide and sneak around a nigh unstoppable killer it's little more than a bullying simulator where the survivors taunt troll and harass a wounded declawed puppy. Imagine in the Friday the 13th movies instead of the victims running in fear of Jason they take away his machete kick him to the ground and shove his face in the mud. That's essentially the Dead by Daylight experience nowadays. Longstanding balance issues making the killers a chore to play have remained in the game for nearly a year while new killers or mechanics that survivors don't like are nerfed into the ground within a week or two. This is especially true with the A Nightmare on Elm Street DLC where the developers announced their intentions to nerf Freddy into the ground because low rank survivors were having a difficult time against him. Despite the fact that he was already considered laughably weak in high ranks.Does this logic make sense to anyone?Releast a new killer intended to shake up gameplay put game on sale to attract more new players Rebalance new killer based on complaints of these new players. I'm starting to wonder if this is some kinda social experiment to see just how much abuse one side of a community is willing to take before abandoning ship. Bottom line stay far far away from this game if you have any interest of playing killer. It's going the way of Evolve.
1. Killer who camps you2. It take 10 15 min to find a match because so many times people disconnect without a reason.3. So many who disconnect and you can't repair 5 generators in 2 people or alone.4. So many bugs but the developers can do DLC for 7$ because is a P2W because they don't make something good they just make killers and survivors to make money.5. I will regret all my life because I pay 20$ for this
Even after almost 200 hours of playing and getting "good" at this game you'll still get mori'd three times in a row and depip because killers are s.If you're looking for a competetive game it's not this one. If you're looking for a fun experience with friends look no further.I rate this game a 3 my current record for being mori'd in a row.
I recommend this game 100% at first I thought it would get boring after a while but I was wrong as the game is realy adictive and fun! so if you want to find a game that you will enjoy with your friends and family then this is the game for you )
Cant stop playing this awesome game!
I played this game with friends once... I had friends once...
this game is fun
I can recommend this to anyone who likes short fast games to play with friends. Really funny and intensive
A great alternative to sweating it out in CS GO.
Great competitive game ) !!!!! Worth every $ and play with Controller and friends for max experience 10/10 )
beest game
SO HYPE
I know I've only had this game less than 24 hours after purchasing it however I tuthfuly feel it's such an awesome game! I also love the idea that it has deidcated server support as well which is a bonus in my eyes especially when I go to LAN's a fair bit. Game graphics I give a high score mechanics are rather snazzy and definitely an enjoyable game all round. Now only thing that I must say that is a little bit on the down side is I did have a tiny bit of lag even choosing Oceanic server's however I was having net troubles I thing during such time so I'm not sure if it's just my internet connection that caused a tiny bit of lag during the 3rd match (3rd match only during near the end) or if it was just the host/whom or whatever that caused it. Anyway leaving on an overall definitely worth the $20 for the game normally now for me I bought the extra aka the sound track and first DLC and even then I'd say it was worth it. So game on dudes and dudettes!
Okay.
is great game
I Dont Love FootBall Or Cars Bat his Game Auesam.The Graphic Amazing And Every Some Wheeks Added New Cars.And The New Gamemode Release Heroes Mode In The moDE You Have Powers Like Freeze The Ball .
I didn't think this game was something I would be into but it's just one of those games that anybody can enjoy. I have to play it everyday.
Tons of Fun Addicting and amazing in groups! Both Casually and Competitively.If only this was a real sport.
Very funny with some friendsBut unplayeble alone
Cool
Nice game you should buy it
As a grown adult it is rare a game captures you as much as rocket league.This is a game that will remind you of just how fun gaming used to be.
so much fungreat pace
This is a well done hybrid of a sports/racing/arcade game. It controls well with a joypad I would not recommend using keyboard/mouse for this game. Highly addictive easy to lose days at a time.
I might be nubby but If I know anything this game is something EVERYONE should play now you might be asking. I hate soccer but I love cars or I hate cars but I love soccer. Trust me give this game a whirl and you'll fall in love only problem is the matchmaking I see Vets facing Legends or Rocketeers but point aside this game is one of the best I've played and i totes rec. it.Even better once you put enough time into it
Very addicting even after 1000 hours the skillcap is infinite and the devs are awesome.
Product received for free. + version 2.0
Hurry up and buyand buy dlc cause you dont need it but you want it
A really adicting game. Best game i ever played. Yessssss....
Quick matches high skill ceiling absolute balance. As a result a highly addictive dopamine fueled rocket powered ballgame. Bonus hats and diligent developers.
If you buy it u will never be the same never stop playing so. BUY IT!
Savage!Savage!Savage!Chat Disabled for 3 Seconds.
Playing PC Games for more than 20 years but this masterpiece is more fun than 99% of all the games I played! Multiplayer Highlight!!UPDATE Still Playing! Still fun! Still getting better (slowly) ...UPDATE 2 It's nearly 600 hours ... time to bash the game now like a normal troll? Won't! Still great!
It's sports for people who hate sports. Love it.I'm totally modifying this for a badge
easy to pick up but hard to master it will never be "just 5 more minutes" when every new match is dynamic and different
I stopped playing football and now you see what that did to me.
gggggggg
It is an excelent game i recomend this to anyone who likes having fun.
I am loving this game so far it's football but with flipping rocket cars! I recommend this to everyone who has a pc as it has a small learning curve and you can jump straight into a game.However It does have slight flaws as I have been having reacurring crashing what has been annoying. The game is still great and it just requires some minor patching.
Good Game!
me like a lot
Easy to pick hard to master Extreme fun. Must have game !!! )
Simply one of the most entertaining games of 2015.
Do you like shouting abuse at players?Chatting to really bad players?And spaming What a Save!Then this game is for you!
good
Got almost 300 hours experience in the game still can't properly hit balls off walls or aerial consistently. 10/10 the learning curve is realSilver for life
Its a very good game very competetive and is a lot of fun with friends
amazing.
Best game ever....
Product received for free. Best. Game. Ever.... That's All I Have To Say... &lt 3 D
Fast paced hard to get used to but once you get the hang of it it's very fun and satisfying. It's very fun to play with your friends.
Cars that can hit balls is just awesome...
10/10 would get demod again
toooo nice 2999999
Addictive and fun 10/10 would get stuck in elo hell again
still great
Very funny game!!! )
Damn. I m addicted.Best game Ever.
its good
390 hours in and still trying to learn new moves.Easy game to pickup extremely hard to master.Fun for all agesCan't recomend this game enough.Tons of fun
great game if you have a group of friends to play with or just a co op buddy. not hard to learn but takes a while to master. 10/10
its awesome
Not gonna lie.... it's fun to win but suck to lose but it's still fun to play.
TO ALL NVIDIA LAPTOP USERS For some reason this game is poorly optmized for laptops with nvdia video cards. I could not get the game to run for over 10 seconds without crashing. Therefore I do not recommend this game if you have a laptop with an nvidia graphics card. However if you really want to play the game and you are willing to sacrifice some gameplay quality I have found a way to run the game on a stable 25 45 fps by tweaking some settings. I am currently plaing on an i7 at 2.00 GHz with a geforce 820m w/ 2 GB and 8 GB of ram. Here is what I did 1. In the 3d graphics settings on the nvidia control pannel I selected Rocket League and chose the nvidia processor (rather than the global configuration) in the graphics processor option.2. Reduced game resolution to be smaller than my screen and changed to borderless rather than full screen.3. Set all in game options to quality rather than high quality*optional I overclocked my cpu with msi afterburner and run razer cortex when playing (might help)Hope this helps.Sorry if there is not an in depth review I just wanted to see if I could help anyone who has trouble running this on a laptop. Still recommend the game though.
I know I haven't played that much compare to others however I must say that this is one of the best sports games I have played in a while. Each game is a new experience then the one before. A season game that a wish could also be played with friends (hint hint). This game is action packed even as a sports game leaving the players on the edge of their seat till the last second.
BOOST ERRYWHERE
Fun game must buy.
After only about 2 hours of gameplay i am already convinced that this game will be one of the most fun multiplayer experiences in 2015. The high speeds crazy goals and the rush of adrenaline as you rush to your own side of the pitch trying to defend your goal is really fun. The splitscreen mode and the option to go online with a buddy in splitscreen doubles the fun in my opinion. This game is definately 20 worth!
I'm not a particularly big fan of football hell i'd rather do anything than watch it on TV so when this game came out I had no intention of buying it. It then started appearing on several of the youtube channels I follow *cough* Markiplier *cough* BYZE *cough cough* and yeah it looked like a lot of fun. Ended up buying it and now i'm bloody hooked! Seriously good fun easy to get into takes a little longer to master the controls though. It plays really well the connection can be pretty sketchy (lag terribly) at the start of some matches but for the majority of the time it runs really well.Definitely worth the money football fan or not you should get this game you wont regret it!
If you like football games then you'll love this masterpiece 11/10
I like it!
Best game i love it.
Om du er intressert i racing of fotball så er dette spillet for deg. Dette spillet er kjempegøy og du kan sitte fler timer i strekk med dette spillet. Jeg likte veldig godt det var så billig til å være helt nytt vanligvis er de nye spillene ganske dyre. Du kan customize din egen bil velge blant visse farger og hatter. Du har forskellige modes du kan spille som f.eks. 1v1 2v2 3v3 4v4 SOLO 1v1 SOLO 2v2 SOLO 3v3 og SOLO 4v4. Det vil komme mange DLCer etterhvert og mange nye biler og baner. Jeg har spilt dette i 3 dager nå og det nok det spillet jeg har spilt mest timer i løpet av 3 dager untatt CS GO som også er et helt magisk spill. Jeg annbefaler dette sterkt! (
Really fun to play game.!!
best
Still cant fly...
Great fun!Footbal with cars what more do you want?!
Game is incredible. Even though I am terrible it's still fun.
nice
The best soccer game #vote
Spectacular! said all that is needed
great gamez5z5z5
nice game
As much as I love this game the rubber banding that is happening lately is just giving me cancer in it's purest form. That is if you can even call cancer pureEdit The rubberbanding is gone I fully recommend the game again &lt 3
Rocket League is what some would describe it to be a "soccar" game that has you commandeering a vehicle and using it to get a ball into the opponent's goal. It's basically "Crash Course Football" in a dystopian setting involving nitrous oxide and rocket jumping.The abilties applied are equivalent to that of an acutal footballer/soccer player such as "Bicycle Hit". It's more simplified from the typical soccer simulators to perform these abilites since you're driving a ball into your oppenent's goal with your car. Because of these simplified mechanics it allows you to construct even the most spontaneous techniques making for an intense set of games. But the game is difficult to get used to due to its implementation of physics.The customization options are quite accessorizing. You can select from various different cars including the DeLorean and Batmobile if you have the DLC You can alter the colors for the specific teams and you can also select the fuel trail wheels roof accessory and antenna for the car.One of the two special game modes is Hoopz a basketball version of the game that makes it more challenging and skill based for the players. This mode pushes you to utilize advanced ablilties in order to put the ball into the hoop. The other mode is Rumble which involves randomly generated powerups that give you a better advantage of scoring a goal. These powerups include a harpoon freezing the ball and switching places with your oppenent.In conclusion this is most definitive form of soccar to play. This game was build from the very concept of soccar and fully executed into a broader experience giving you addtional ways to play. Despite struggling with it at fiirst this game will be the most fun you'll ever have with friends.
10/10
Great game to waste time in.
PROS Addictive and accessible gameplayVery stable online playLots of fun for a relatively low priceCONS Rage quitters paradise due to lack of punishmentOther than that I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys having fun D
Soccer with cars.
great
I will play rocket league until I die.No other game can be compared to its awesomeness.Shut up and take my money!!!!
This game is amazing I can't stop playing it. Trust me it's worth the $20 you will probably invest hours into it.
It's so fun and so addicting!
Super fun playing multiplayer. Highly addicting! Customization of cars is good but not very many choices. Haven't used all the cars in the game but most of the ones I've tried have great control. What's tough is trying to time a hit when the ball is in the air I'm always over shooting. Match making is faily quick with most games connecting in less than 30 seconds. It's waiting for others that take a long time when you're just sitting there idling in front of the goal.Overall it's a game I highly recommend. Having a controller is a must.
The best if not only Carball simulator. Pros Hundreds of hours of gameplay and lots of modes to play. Great learning curve you can feel yourself progress every time time you play. DLC is purely cosmetic. Doesn't require a supercomputer to play. Huge player base and cross network play with PS4 players. Great controller support Split screenCons Crates are now pay to open. Servers can sometime be overloaded and cause lag.Rocket League is one of those staple games that anyone with a PC or Console should own. Matches are only 5 minutes and yet they are so much fun. You can jump in for a quick fix or most likely get trapped into the 'One more game' loop and play for hours. An almost perfect game.
Tons of fun!
WHAT A SAVE!WHAT A SAVE!WHAT A SAVE!WHAT A SAVE!CHAT DISABLED FOR 4 SECONDS.
Good game overall beautiful and unique graphics at first when this game release I just thought it was a simple indie game and it kinda is but it's evolved over the past... 2 years? almost 2 years? I forget but when it showed up after it's beta (wish I joined it...) I've put close to 2000 hours into this game first on Ps4 when it showed up free then later on PC then this account several months later! That's my ReviewPros Unique GameVery CustomizableThe game gives players a unique level of control when playing with their car that people keep poping new ways to fly and hit the ball that nobody did before!Esports Scene skyrocketed since release for this game50000 200000 players online daily at almost all times of the day.ConsWTF WTF WTFToxic AF community (normal)Servers are bad crash and lag alot never a full day without some kind of issueGame has really good revenue yet servers still suck... DONT SOLO QUEhard to make friends with toxic peopleGG is a insult for some reasonOverall fun game people make it feel bad half the time though servers could use a overhall
Awesome game just get it.
Nice game ! buy it
In my opinion this game is worthy attetion.
Nice game. I realy enjoy it DD
Is the best game ever
probably the best game ever and I would highly recomend it for other players
this game is so addicting and the new basketball mode brings a whole new challenge. i love it
gud game
The game that doesn't stop giving. Endless fun and a really high skill cap so you always have something to improve.Best $20 of my life
This game is amazing 10/10 would buy again. buy now
It is pure.
Rocket League is a great game and growing fast.
Fun game great competitive potential easy to learn and easy to improve your skills.
Say goodbye to your social life.
Rated E for everyone certainly no toxicity to be found anywhere within this game./sThis is a truly brilliant game. Perhaps a hallmark of it's status among other competitve games is that it has it's very own toxic community.Play without friends at your own peril.Play with friends at your free times peril.
Very niceeee game
I always hit the crossbar when I'm freestyling. 10/10
ist very good
I love it!!!Great game.
Fun and fluffy little football game with cars.
You like fun? You like games? Only have 5 minutes a day to play? Well buy this! But forget the 5 minutes because you'll be playing this for hours!!!
that's pretty good
Soccer that isn't stupid
The music is ic 10/10
10/10 would hit crossbar again
NICE!
I wish i could ram into other people in real life like i do in this game
5 more minutes mom please
Don't let the silliness of it all fool you.You will have many laughs there will be many series of unfortunate events and fortunate ones. You will fist the air in triumph and you will throw your peripherals in frustration. This game gets super duper intense.The two most important things that you can't tell from this Steam page 1. The developer Psyonix is brilliant. They are active in the community they fix bugs quickly they genuinely do listen to their playerbase and make changes to the game accordingly. 2. Do not underestimate the skill ceiling of this game. It is literally almost infinite. You will not believe the things that people can do until you see them executed. Prepare to have your mind blown.
yes good game favorite game all pro yes
Aerials in the skywhen u lose small mind u free ur life
just amazziiing
Awesome Game!
nice!!!
i like it
4 a side football with rocket powered cars. Sheer brilliance.
an insanely addictive game (check my account) XD
Good game but better for pro player. Anyway I had a lot of fun in this game.
Very Good Game . Unique D
good meme
Really great game! I have never been so happy to be in my entire life!10/10
The hype is real!And it even got hats!
i got this game for free on ps4 loved it so much i wore out the right trigger on my ps4 controller from gripping it so hard loved it so much i bought it for the pc as well. i highly recommend this game and also highly recommend using a wired 360 controller instead of keyboard and mouse for this game.game is simple to pick up and learn but very hard to master simple controls simple but good enough graphics good competitive game.
This is my favorite game on Steam currently (I have 340 total games with all my accounts) and for good reason. I throughly enjoy Rocket League the tactics of it the replayability the awesome wheels and car builds I can unlock and just the game in general. I honestly have no idea WHY I love this game but it's truly got me hooked right now. Please someone help. xD
Great
cool game
)
This is one of the best games I've ever played.
choas
Very good game if u have a good pc!
10/10 Spicy
Simple but also so hard to master it.The best combination of sport and racing I've ever seen in a game.Perfect mechanics.Beautiful graphics.It is cross platform (you can play against PS4 users)I'm addicted to this game !!!
Endless fun
Do you like Air Hockey?This game isn't air hockey but its a great substitute. ggwp/10
what a nice game
This game is like little RC Hot Wheels cars on steroids playing football with a explosive ball / puck / cube in a huge box basically its pure awesomeness and unlimited fun!11/10 I recommend to everyone!
Easy to learn hard to master
Oddly enough I've never enjoyed online PvP games I've always sucked when playing other people. I'm also not a huge soccer guy.I love Rocket League! Super simple to start playing and there doesn't seem to be a skill ceiling. I've still got a ways to go as far as skill but I enjoy every game I play. It's much more than a simple arcade game.
It's like soccer cars and woman but without woman.
nice game bro.
10/10 would miss again.
One of the best D
10/10
I like it!
*Throws $20 on the game*"Wow! This game is great! This was totally worth the $20!"*DLC added*"y u do dis?"
it is a very fun game and i have personally had good times playing it.
I generally don't like either racing or sports games on the PC but Rocket League manages to combine and transcend both genres in a very fun way. I do play it with a Logitech F310 controller which is a very cheap way to get a lot more enjoyment out of the game. The replay value and fun to be had are well worth the price of this game even if you think you don't typically enjoy the genre.
AWESOME
awesome concelovin the game
The game itself is great. Fun to play original content. Various game modes each one fun and engaging in different way.That's enough.10/10
I really dislike football however car football is great fun if you're not a skrub you will buy this game )
Great Game
A Combination Of Soccer And CarsNice Idea
FUNFUNFUNFUNGets flamed by a teammateFUN FUN FUN
Dank memes
Brilliant Game!Easy to get into but hard to master. Can't remember when I was last this pleasantly surprised by a game. It started of as a "Fun to play with your friends" game But it left that mark at the same point as you leave the ground. After that you can't play together with those that doesn't see clear enough to realize this is one of the best games ever made!Now if only could get good at this...
Very good game
This game is absolutely fantasticFast pacedeasy to learndeep gameplaySPLIT SCREEN WHATWhat are you doing? You need to join the Rocket League!
More than likely you've heard at least something about this game by now but if you don't know what this game is already Rocket League is a multiplayer competitive sports game(well sortof) in which rocket powered cars are controlled by individual players that go head to head in a soccer(or football if you live outside the US) like match. It doesn't offer a ton of content(though patches over the past several months have added things like mutators hockey mode and more recently crazier map designs with rocket labs) but what it does it does very well. Its simple on the surface thanks to straightforward controls and its similarity to real life sports but its very hard to master. This is due to the dynamic nature of the game the near limitless things you can do with your car as well as things like teamplay tactics and general strategy/positioning. This game gives you complete control over what you do with your car and how you hit the ball so making big stops crucial steals and insane goals all feel very satisfying. I personally ended up putting somewhere around 250+ hours across both the PS4 and PC versions of the game over the course of the 8 months or so its been released at the time of this review so I'd say its well worth the price of admission. The servers could be a little better but overall if you've ever seen gameplay of this game and thought "hey this looks like fun" I highly recommend checking this game out.
Go fast and shoot the ball in the goal.
I absolutely reccomend this game to all my friends it is so much fun
Awesome game to play with friends. Don't smash your controller!!!!
My fav game it's awesome!
I like this game. It is hard but that makes it so much fun. Some game are too easy to apeal to more people but i think a hard is really rewarding. The cross plaform is a feature that I like. It is kind of a bummer that you can not chat to ps4 user and you can only use quick chat but sony made sure this happened. I can not wait for this game to come to linux so i can play it without using window. This game has competence autonomy and relatedness. Compentence as you are always making progress and when you score or master something it make full of joy. Autonomy is when you have complete control of your choise and the game. You can customize your car choise game modes like hockey and you have control over the ball in free play. Relatedness is when you feel that you matter and you are making a contribution to the game. You feel you matter when you clear the ball save the ball from going in and when you score. when you play multiplayer you feel that you are need and you helped your team win. This game covers the 3 thing to a good game and that makes it apeal to alot of gamers. Alot of people are playing this game and you can play with any platform(pc ps4 and xbox one). This game is fun to play with friend or anyone.
Things that are good FUN! addictive gameplay multiple game mods never let you get bored customization Things that are not so good i can fool the game by leaving tthe match any time i think i will loose a season match thus i will alwasys have perfect score in any season i play
Great Game! Fix your ing ranking system and que system had the game for about an hour and was put against VETERANs and MASTERs. The game itself is amazing however it sucks donky when you get put up against someone who has played since the games release and u have had it for around an hour. i dont give two if there is a season that just ended it make no ing sense. Also it took me about 6 wins to rank up once then i lost one game and div down. The div down would have made sense if i had lost by a lot but im semi pro and was against an EXPERT and lost by 1 goal. Then the following game I div down when i lost in ing OVERTIME against a VETERAN. Honestly its stupid as if i had lost by 3 or even 2 then maybe i would understand but one ing point loss to a player with over 400x my play time (LITERALY) come on wtf. Once again the game itself is great but if you dont like to play against people who have no life when you are brand new to the game then i guess you have to lookup when the ing season didnt just end and play then.
Amazing game !!! definitely worth it )
+REP NICE TRADER
A ton of exhilerating moments packed in exciting 5 minute games. As a rookie you can get right into it with no advantages for the veteran players as is too often a problem in multiplayer games.
Nice Game best with friends
Product received for free. Very nice and fun game
very god game but i realy do think that you need a controler(which is bad as i dont have 1 ( ) but i rate it 10/10 because the graphics and the gameplay is awesome! i rate this game to anyone who likes FOOTBALL or SOCCER (for aussies and americans).
Cons DLC locked achievments
It's rather fun played with friends
I bet the senate doesn't think I spend my free time playing car football when I could be ruling the galaxy oh wait.. I am the senate.
Best Game!
Epic game is a must have.
Very nice arcade game. Enjoyable Fun Amusing
Very good game with rocket car. The game is fun. Buy now
Pretty cool game to play with friends would recommend to anyone
Strongly recommend! I just met a rocketeer which was awesome! The majority of the rocket league community are very kind and good sports )
AWESOME GAME
Love the game Can just come home after work turn it on and chill playing it for an hour or two.It really is just a pick up and play and if you need to head out well thats fine because rounds only last 5 minutes.Only thing wrong with it is the smurfs. I don't understand why people smurf you're not good if you can only beat people who play it casually )I'd recommend a buy anyhow seen as most smurfs cry hard when you can beat them which is funny to see xD
It's fun.
It's football with cars... the cars also fly about and stuff.it's fun...
I can't stop
rockets cars and football what more could you want
this game is amazing
Pretty dank.
Best football game so far
Amazing just amazing. Hours and hours of fun quick 5 min games mean you can jump in an jump out but inevitabely as usual you spend all night. Can't beat the feeling of scoring and that Superman like theme playing at that moment. A real challange to master getting position / angle on the ball real skill needed. And combining driving with football what's not to love?
one more game!
Amazing game with great looking cars! Awesome games physics and concept..Totally love it!Personally I think the best parts of this game is to control the car with complete freedom and ofcource the dope af songs!Although should add an option for playing songs during the matches.
I love this game so much. Servers are fast and cool community. Try it
Started playing this game on PS4 when it came out on the store. Must say i was immediatly hooked.needless to say i got it on PC and havent looked back.You start your epic adventure on a "rookie" status. at first you probably will find it hard to hit the ball never mid direct it. but it doesnt take long for things to click and soon you level up playing higher ranked players. then the fun starts and more learning. Timing aerials freestyle shots and defending that goal line before danger gets close. Still epic fails happen.love the game and think its worth buying
Love this game !
10 10
Great game to play with/against friends.
Infinite amount of plays regardless of gameplay hours.Always something to achieve / git gud at
For such a simple game it is pretty fun. Basically soccer meets r/c cars. The only criticism I have is the single player modes are pretty shallow.
cool game
It's a great car game. It's like American Foot ball but mexican.
pls play with controller u fkin normie
Amazing!
Very funny game.
Its good.
Ridiculous. Fun.Easy to learn. Impossible to master. Remains fun whether you're a beginner or a pro.Fun to watch.Someone said this game might turn into one of the legitimate e sports. Can't predict the future but it definitely has the potential and staying power.
Top QEC
Good game
Highly addicting fun and great soundtrack!
Cars!
Product received for free. Very fun game. Can be frustraiting but hey that's Rocket League!
GOOD GAME!
Hotwheels soccer.
As shown by the 93% of positive evaluations this games is good very good.Content is frequently added and the community is huge.A lot of customization available including in game settings which can really enable you to create unique and fun experiences.This is one of those games that are very easy to learn but extremely difficult to master. The difference in skills is absolutely all that matters a gaps in experience will greatly show ingame.Lots of fun ahead of you go buy this game.
Great skill diversity. Play with friends learn to fly. Nearly always ends in rage quit...
So this is pretty awesome. Love the quick games. Excellent gameplay well done controls. Unique and fun approach to soccer.
fun fun fun
Nice game
im just here so i wont get fined
lul
So good
Really fun but gets a bit repetitive
Really fun and simple game and with a really high skill cap. 5 minutes games and short waiting so a good choice when u have some free time.
Good job by Psyonix. They are adding amazing updates.
Missed the goal chat Nice shot! Missed the save chat What a save!10/10
The negative reviews are stupid. This game is amazing. You get people who leave but not in competitive and if they leave in competitive then you don't lose any elo. The matchmaking isn't bad in competitive only in non comp queues. The community is actually pretty nice. I have made 3 new friends in Rocket League to play with. And for the people who say it's too hard. Keep trying your only going to get better. I am at 70 hours and I have improved tonnes. I can now hit aerials dribble and strike pretty well without a single training level all without using a controller. Yes mouse and keyboard is viable you just have to get used to it.
Great Game !
so much fun yeeeeeeeeeeeeewww
ihana
This game is extremely fun. Whether you are a player that can dedicate a lot of time or hardly any time at all many laughs will be had. The game is easy to play but difficult to master. So you will have fun from the first day you play to the last. I have easily played over 100 hours of this game needless to say it was worth the $20 I paid for it. Matches only last 5 10 minutes so even for someone who doesn't have much time to dedicate I still highly recommend it! DLC is making its way out pretty regularly too. This game deserves a 10/10.
Now as of the time of this review I know I have not played very long but this is one of the greatest games I have ever played. Got it with the Steam Link and I love it
Rocket League is Awesome .. I will never reget buying this game. I played this game more than 100 hours and still enjoying the game. In simple words "Highly Recommanded".
Takim oyunundan bihaber insanlar olmasa daha güzel olacak..
10/10 recommend
Awesome game to play with friends and to make friends )
What can I say this game makes a grown man laugh like there's no tomorrow extremely fun to play with or without friends.
Gr8 game. i r8 8/8
East to learn hard to master or is it realy easy to learn xD But still really funny ad interesting game mini cars and football yes football not SOCCER! What more do you need D
This is such an addicting game and whoever wants to play it.. well thats a little ristky because playing 3 minutes of the game can already get you hooked into everything! (IN A GOOD WAY)Also my favorite music artist is in there deadmau5. It's a topper and a flag that you can get by just playing matches.All I'm saying is IT'S FREAKING AWESOME!!!
Overall great game for casual gamers to hardcore gamers. Extremely fun extremely competitive and lasting support. Can't go wrong buying this game!
Gave me AIDS!!
i could not stop play this game the game is so great the game make me find a lot of friend i want invite you to play this game with me.
You control a rocket remote control car playing soccer (or football depending on country) juzt get it
Amazing game in every aspect recommend it!Wow!
Boii thuss the best game everr like buy this game rn liek just do it thumbs up 10/4 would play summore
Nothing beats a good old game of watch your teamates score goals in your goal. 15/10 Would kill teamates again!
Yes.
The Game Is Fun
I simply do not understand how online play can be so unreliable. As far as I have tested my wired internet connection is reliable enough to continuously hold a connection to Battlefield 1 servers Battlefront servers CS GO servers DS3 servers Rust servers TF2 servers and Town of Salem servers with almost no hiccups whatsoever. However over the past week I have had 11 disconnections all of which I tried reconnecting to when the "It appears you have left a ranked match" dialogue box appears only to be met with "There is not a reservation available for this match" and being forced to wait 15 minutes at a time before being able to play anyone but bots. This is especially frustrating when I am trying to play a few matches before work and not even being able to complete 1 because I "Abandoned the match and made the play unfair for my team."Look at it this way Losing connection to match because of something entirely out of my control Attempting to rejoin the match The atempt to rejoin without exception results in failure "Our server ed up and you lost connection which makes you a bad sport and thus you should be punished"Fix this It's infuriating! I have felt less frustration fighting my first Dark Souls boss than I do everytime I attempt to use this game's multiplayer.
Product received for free. It's a very fun game and you should play it too.
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETTTTTTTTTTTTTTT LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGUUUUUUUUUUUUUEEEEEEEEEEEE........thats me when im away from home.
Amazing
Awesome game! There's always room to improve your skills. Never gets old. 10/10
Good game
10/10 ez win
fun game!
Best game ever. Easy to learn hard to master.Anyone can play.
10/10
Cars+rockets+soccer Rocketleague
pretty gud (Y)
Best game ever i love it very nice
awesome!
I love this game so much.
This game is fantastic and worth every penny. Unlike most games that require "skill" this game requires ACTUAL skill. There are no buffs. No gear. The only person that can increase your capability...is you getting better at the game.Thankfully this process in and of itself is extremely fun. You will cackle madly at how bad you are when you first start this game. The flipping the demolitions the ball bouncing everywhere...it's an absolute blast! (pun intended)And as time goes by no matter where you are as a player...there is always a lot of fun to be had. So buy it already and jump in!
The worst game I've ever played. After playing 17 hours you think more or less learned to play and now it's time matchmaking. The game doesn't think so. After you start matchmaking you know what to do there's nothing for you until you have earned 1 000 hours and then you learn all the replays of professionals. EACH player on EACH rank will pull you in on their little The matchmaking system is at negative level the worst game I have ever seen. I ve calibrating in the Silver 2 Division 3 along with my friend but literally the day I became Bronze 1 Division 1 thanks to the developers for a good selection of opponents. About quick message in chat I generally keep quiet because if the opponent to write one as you go in tilt. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AND DON'T ADVISE IT TO THEIR FRIENDS 10/10
Simple yet so addicting . This game is really fun and even more fun with friends. It has casual and competitive. Worth the 20 bucks
Cant fault the game. better then console because the onlines free. Online players are a bit saulty but cars are great to collect and customise
amazing game
GREAT GAME
play it
Best Soccer With Cars game Ever
Just get the game already
Overall a great game if I were to sum it up I would say it is easy to play but hard to master. There is a certain depth to the game that makes it interesting and fun at teh same time. With this being said the skill cap is very high and I have found that after about 20 hours you can see a marked improvement in your play. If you say this game is bad because you lose all the time please shut up because it is just a game and if you are losing pick up your game. If you lose say gg and do better next time. That is the nature of this game. Some nit picky things that will help in large ways actually hitting the ball often times players go for the ball and swerve left or right too early but with practice this game be avoided the majority of the time knowing when to hit the ball when close to either goal if you are near the enemies goal try to center it for a teamate and if enemies are near your base use common sense centering it isnt always the best idea lastly use your quick chat it will allow for better communication as a team and overall better teamwork. If you don't play this game I recommend it and hope I see you in game!
Short description car football. And it's a lot more fun than driving racing playing football/soccer or any combination of these. You'll miss the ball about as often as you breathe.It's nice that completing each match will open a new customization thingy be it a car car decal tire turbo trail hat or flag. No microtransactions only cosmetic DLC. This thing is just plain silly fun!
great game really enjoy this
Fix your god damn F***ing competitive rejoining my internet disconnected for 20seconds i tried rejoining again and it returned me to main menu 10 seconds later then internet fixed and there was no rejoin option again 15minute ban when partied with 2 of my friends. trash setup fix your crap psyonix!
A very good game with improving skills day by day and cool teammates with a good ranking system
I really love this game its very funny to play with friends D
This game is a lot of fun. I unlocked all achivements and items after 21 hours of gameplay (that freaking far far away achivement though I HATE IT). This was game was a lot more fun than I thought it was going to be. Playing with friends is a must. Getting good at the game means practice. It also never ceases to make me rage when I hit THAT DANG CROSSBAR or when my own teammate scores on our goal. I would recommend this game and I don't think I'll put it down any time soon.
Great Game!!
well what do i say about this game....in 20 mins it made me completly become addicted to the game. i have never been the one to enjoy soccer but as soon as you throw in rocket cares well it seams to have got me.good bye csgo hello rocket leauge
Easy to pick up highly addicting game. The gameplay gets more exciting and fast as you learn more complex techniques such as aerial shots. The cars are great and the extras and customizations are neat. The game seems stabile and not overdone although some fields (maps) seem to lag a bit more than others. Highly recommend teaching yourself the right techniques to save yourself and your teammates frustration. Watch the pros compete too you'll learn what works.
Epic Game
"It s basically Doodle Jump" Try Ey Wat is junge ?!?! 31.10.2016
There was one guy that told me this game looked like was coming out from chocapics.
Really fun to play it's a good game if you want to play casually and have fun but can also be the right choice if you are looking for some competitive gaming. Worth trying out
Rocket League? More like Forza Horizon 5.
It's a gr8 game m8 I rate 5/7
The concept of this game is just pure genius. Rocket carsd? Soccer? Multiplayer? Check. Buy this game nothiong more needs to be said.
Football mehCars + Football NiceRockets + Cars + Football Awesome!10/10 makes me believe I'm good at football.
My first thought about this game is soccer and cars together are not a good idea but i was completely wrong.It's really good in several aspects.Also can be very competitive.
Just buy it already.
how is this game fun?it just is
A game that requires a bunch of attention to little details to redirct a ball. Being a team based game it offers a neat set of strategies that you or your team can preform.
Stop reading this and buy Rocket League. It's easy to learn hard to master. It runs like a dream no lag since I've started playing. It looks great and it plays even better. It's fun it's addictive it's Rocket League. I know what you're thinking. "Ooh maybe I should get any other game and get Rocket League later." No no no. That's not how it works. Buy Rocket League and experience the best multiplayer game of 2015.
This game has some of the most wonderful gameplay i have ever enjoyed. Scoring gives so much satisfaction! In my opinion everything in this game has been done right. The graphics are just right for this type of game not ugly and not too rich or distracting personally i think the game looks awesome. The customization is also a big bonus you can make so many different variations of cars. You never come across with someone looking like you. When you start playing you might find the mechanics difficult as you keep on playing you see however that the learning curve is terrific you can pick up certain moves easily and practicing them quickly helps you get better. What i like the most about this game is that even though it's pvp you don't ever feel any pressure it's a fun casual game even when you are skyping with friends and tryharding to win. Rocket League is also a game that's right for any type of gamer. It doesn't matter if you prefer MOBAs FPS RPG MMO or anything else this game will in every case be a great go to when wanting to play something relaxing and enjoyable. It's the game i have the most fun in when playing and it probably will be for a long time. Honestly everyone should have this game and play from time to time i don't know what other game i would recommend to everyone not even taking in account their tastes.
very good
Silly Game. Toy cars trying to score a ball. Kamikaze attacks. Flying cars when a person scores.Even sometimes you can do a 360.Awesome game
s
I was both into and not into Rocket League from the start. Let me explain. I played it for about 10 hours in several couch 2v2 multiplayer split screen sessions and it was instant fun. Total party hit even though none of us were any good at it.But for some odd reason the competitive online play was just something I never considered doing since I figured it would be unpleasant at my ultra low n00b skill level. So I never played online.Until I did and it was fun. And I kept playing. And I keep getting better. The online ranking keeps you playing with and against players in your skill level and this is the thing with a really good esport game like Rocket League the learning curve is really long but not steep. It's instant fun but will take many hundreds of hours (if not thousands) to reach some level of mastery.Be warned you will occasionally bump into toxic chat online but you can disable it or learn to ignore because there are plenty of nice people too. Also if you have kids chances are they will absolutely love playing rocket league too. My 2 sons play this on tv with steamcontrollers on a homebrew steam machine with/against bots (offline local mutliplayer).My only gripe with the game would be that as you get better you'll soon discover you need to start changing your controller layout. They should've fixed that from the start. So I advise you to change the button mapping when playing for the first time. (at least remap powerslide/air roll. google it.)End Verdict highly recommended
Excellently crafted blend of sports (Football Hockey Basketball) and driving with boosts and flips and flair. Really fun and really easy to pick up and play anytime. Active cross play servers and decent AI add to the replayability.
170h still cant hit ball xD
sooo goodd
AMAZING GAME
better than NBA 2Kx. you can be a true NBA baller on the courts 10/10.
I know I havent play the game much yetbut this game is enough to make me fall in love just in a sec dont know about br&gt play with a high ping wanted to do the cool stunt cant do it back to advanced tutorial play online and forgot what I learn 24/7 wanted to play again
Rocket league has become one of my favorite games of ALL TIME in just a few months. Me and my friends have had more fun playing this game than any other game we've played for the past 10 years.
Jogo Super Divertido e também competitivo! Recomendo para todo mundo que acaba de migrar para a steam e está querendo um jogo mais casual um jogo um tanto quanto competitivo! Esse jogo arranca varias horas de jogo sem você enjoar ! se você curte um jogo leve e muito bom para ter varias horas de jogo este é o jogo certo!
Pretty fun but there isn't alot of good camos for dlc cars
Why are you even reading these to figure out if you should buy the game? You know at elast one person who would attest this is pure greatness. Just buy it love it and then write Psyonix a letter saying how this game allowed you to become a better person.
I really enjoy this game it has an old skool simplicity about it.Object is simple you just have to get the big ball in the back of the other teams goal using a vehicle and that vehicle can wear a hat. You can jump dash by flipping about and boost using a limited suppy of replenishable boosty nitro type stuff. The graphics are pretty and controls are nice and tight.Sure I'd like to see some options to tweak weight and gravity (ball and cars) here and there to maybe fine tune things to my liking. And I'd like a bit more custommization of AI behaviour and car stats in general to give them some individuality but that's just me. It's a tough one you don't want to unbalance the game by having some vehicles having an advantage over others. But having some with more speed over strength seems like a good way to seperate them cos' as it stands they all seem the same performance wise except that some are physically bigger and therefore that may already give them an advantge over the smaller ones all other things being equal.Anywho this game is fun fluid entertainment easy to pick up hard to master and gets people around the screen in the way games used to years ago... surely a good thing. Maybe you will get a bit tired as there is a lack of different game types/variations. Still it's worth a look.Update This game has had a lot of developer support since my initial rambling. Some of the in game options I had wanted to see are now available. It has new maps and tweaks and just keeps on getting better.
This game is really fun with friends. Car customisations are really nice with some very cool combinations. The gameplay itself? Simple concept difficult to master. The game devs really work hard to improve this game and listen to the community. The devs add extremely cool and unique DLC which are worth the price. The devs already include a lot of free stuff for everyone so support them. What are you waiting for? Buy the game!
madting
if you like balls and cars this game is pretty good
i know that i only played 50 hours of this game but this game rocks
Great game very addictive. The game is easy to learn but hard to master. After an hour or so you will be able to play and score but it will take forever to really master it.
Though I dont like soccer games neither cars games(though these last ones I can play and maybe enjoy if it is good) because I am more FPS kind of player though this game is another level I have had enjoyed hours playing with friends and with random people as well it is something very competitive and nice! excellent game I enjoy it a lot!
I love this games absolutey worth the buy. its cheap anf lasts very long and if you dont have friends to play with youll find them while playing
Amazin Game!!!!!!!
nice
Product received for free. Fun game !
Poes cool game.
There are two games that I consider to be my favorite games of all time Super Mario World the SNES classic with a heart of gold and gameplay which I still can't quite find anywhere else and Rocket League which fits that exact same build. I have a penchant for games wherein I can jump. SMW's got that obviously 'cause Mario games are about jumping. Rocket League a game about RC cars playing soccer for what I assume are stadiums filled with balloons also has jumping. And aerials. And sick sick stunts. This game looks great feels great and is loads of fun.I originally purchased Rocket League for my PS4 but I sold that so I can get a sick gaming rig and the main reason I considered the switch to be a valid one was because my beloved was still available on the new ship I was choosing to jump to. I still use my PS4 controller which works perfectly with InputMapper so it's like I never left. I do choose to use custom controls as I feel like the standard controls are a bit clunky for aerial play but hey thankfully there's custom controls. It's really a minor complaint.DLC is plentiful and cheap and I never regret making a purchase on something even if I rarely use or equip it simply because Psyonix is constantly pumping out new game modes and arenas as well as providing great support to their users and community on their Rocket League subreddit.
This is a wonderful meme
Great game! 10/10!
So far as game play is concerned everything is pitch perfect. Where other games rely on an arbitrary skill ceiling to maintain challenges Rocket League's skill ceiling is a variety of creativity reaction time tenacity deceit acrobatics and more. There is truly depth to Rocket League and I can't say that about 80% of the games available today. The purely aesthetic loot system is wonderful. It made taking the game too seriously difficult and subsequently the edgy bad manners players are less prevalent. Though now the loot system is starting too look all too familiar. Introducing a grinding component to acquiring loot as opposed to more liberally distributing loot. I suppose the hat on my car doesn't actually matter and they haven't touched the core game play but the intention behind implementing a more grind like loot system is step one in creating a market that threatens to consume the rest of the game. The moment options are taken away to stimulate more loot value that thumbs up is turning into a thumbs down and I'll write a new review from my adobe yurt in the Himalayas as the last thing I ever loved was gobbled up by laissez faire capitalism.
Awesome game! There are some bugs but its playable. I reccomend this game.
when masamune drifts past you THICC
Rocket Cars and Soccer. Nuff said.
good
Console peasants should see what it looks like on PC. Recommended for sure.
This game is simple but has a very good and unique idea and it is basically FIFA with actually thinking and strategy. this game is F1 combined with Socer and it is very good
OMG! Wow! Nice shot! Nice shot! Wow! Chat has been disabled for 3 seconds
Ths game is so awesome you will always want for more. 10/10
Product received for free. 11/10The best game.
Rocket League is a very addictive game i love this game i recomend it to everyone now its going better and better with the updates!
Rocket League is game where you and your friends can just sit back &amp relax and enjoy. Its not a game about winning ( but obviously bragging rights ) its a chill game that you and your friends can screw around and hit sick aerial goals. I hihgly recommend this game to play with you friend. Its a game you wont regret.
community is more passive agressive than my family thanksgiving but fantastic game
Love it already put 100 hours in
Wow. I have been looking at this game ever since I started seeing clips of gameplay on reddit. I thought it looked cool but was worried that it would get boring. I took a chance and let me tell you....I LOVE THIS GAME. It's simple yes but it's really fun to play. Every game is different. I am not into sports IRL but this game gets my adrenaline flowing. I find myself throwing my hands ip in celebration after every goal! Very fun!
Very very best game Nice game !! )
Rocket league is not just about hitting a soccer ball with your car. It is a about controlling your boost and driving skills. You can hit the ball in the air or on the ground to score goals and defend the enemy team. Rocket league also has competitive modes and regular modes for more casual players.
Extremely addicting. I started playing about 2 weeks ago and I get better every time I play. I haven't had this much fun with a multiplayer game in a long time. The controls might be a bit wonky on keyboard though so I suggest picking up an old xbox 360 or ps3 controller. 10/10
so nice
One of my favorites to play late night with my friends. If you love soccer this game is for you!
So Much Fun in this )
Buy this game now! NO QUESTIONS JUST DO IT dont let my hours fool you i am new to the game on pc but i have been playing on ps4 for quite some time JUST DO IT!
Do you know why I like this game so much and why I have so many hours?Answer Becouse of the music! &lt 3How to become the best Rocket League player Buy controller. Play with friends who are competitive players (Who wants to win) Go to Main screen &gt Options &gt Audio &gt Music Volume make it 1.00 Have fun )
aditional game &lt 3
Highly recommended especially if you have friends to play with. Imagine if you took FIFA and mixed it with Micro Machines and that's pretty close to Rocket League in a nutshell. Fast frantic and very enjoyable but most definitely best played with friends because it makes teamwork a LOT easier.
Disney decided to make cars 3 and had nothing to do with this game so props to them. Im waiting for the sequel where you play soccor in planes instead.
As a kid I used to dump all my matchbox cars out on my kitchen tile in my childhood home and put them into teams then play what I called "Car Soccer" with them. My imagination did most of the work as I sat there on the cold tile moving the cars back and forth across the pitch. I controlled the flow of the game when a team scored and when two cars would collide in an epic crash that made the crowd go crazy. It is one of my fondest memories as a kid.This game is one of my dearest childhood memories come to life and I can't be more happy that it exists.As an adult looking back at my childhood I'm in love with this game.As a developer I wish I could have been a part of it.Amazing work team.
this game is just awesome!! )
Calculated.FTW buy this game!Great multiplayer fun unlockable items to customize your cars. All kinds of salt that will keep you coming back for more!
Rocket League is a great game with three modes. In Player vs AI mode you compete against up to seven opponents to try to stop your computer controlled teammates from driving the ball all the way from the enemy goal line straight into your own goal. In Player vs Player mode helpful mentors within the community will recommend you not play the game at all because Rocket League like fencing and squash is a game of elites and a sport of which the underclasses are unworthy. The last game mode is my favorite in which you peacefully drive around a field alone with the ball for a few minutes while waiting for your audience with the Bronze Ranked Queue House of Lords.10/10 would drive around an empty field alone again
wow!!! great game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! very funny!
not bad
Best ever.
Epic feelings and hard butthurts at the same time
Best Soccer Game
Product received for free. I drove into a ball. 10/10
Pretty cool and fun specially when you are waiting for your girlfriend when she's doing her make up.
Awesome game! Addictive and fun.
Best game EVER!!!!
After 80 hours I finally got the achievement of my arial goal and i'm proud of it D awesome and afdichting game. Would play again 5/7
nice game but its more fun if you played the game a little bit more and can hit arials and yeah know how the game works!
Awesome fun 5 minutes at a time. Easy learning curve so it's very easy to get started. Devilishly difficult to master with an enormous number of tricks and abilities to learn. The multi player has a few glitches here and there (most annoyingly you usually will keep playing the same people over and over unless you drop out and rejoin the queue). The multi player is otherwise great with the typically poisonous atmosphere of other games not being a big deal because the games only last 5 minutes and you can quit at any time.
Game is great n all but please fix so that you can REJOIN when the game crashes on you. Unfair to get a ban when you can't help it cuz the software issues.....
Slapping balls with strangers in a car. This is what I see here it's a lot more fun then it sounds. Give it a shot anyone can do it. You will suck at first but soon you will be a master slapper of car balls and getting it in always. horn noises gooooal
dank memes 10/10 buy
This game is incredibly fun however as of late the player base has become extremely passive agressive and toxic.There are still a few players that are genuinely good sports but they often are drowned out by all the people with their heads up their own asses.play with friends report toxic players.
This is the most fun I've had with a multiplayer game since battlefield 4. Solid game mechanics with no bugs I've seen in 200+ hours. One of the few games that gets better with each update (psyonix really seems to care about this game) instead of worse. Seriously just buy it.
10/10 would recommend
it's cool
Amazing game way more fun than I expected. DLC is done right i.e. all items are cosmetic there's no pay to win model. All cars have equal sized hitboxes and equal sized boost capacity. One of the few games where the only difference between winning and losing is skill. There's no theorycrafting no spreadsheets no lame stats etc. Just plain fun.The only letdown is that it's a bit of a wild west as far as cheating is concerned. One of the problems I've particularly encountered is what I can best describe as 'multiboxing' as in World of Warcraft where one player controls more than one character simultaneously. Often leads to a very unfair advantage. Also it would be great if there were a feature to report AFK players and offensive player nicks.
This game is a ton of fun get it play it.
Soccer + Cars Rocket League
Very nice game.
بقلاافاقفلاقلا
Product received for free. My best game i have played
Very fun game ) Good game and alot of good psychics after all the community isn't that good. But if you're not easily offended then its a match )
It's very addictive.I never get bored of this game.
If you haven't bought this game yet click buy now. You won't regret it for one single moment.
Great game 10/10 IGN
This is probably the best game I have played in a few years there is an awful lot more than meets the eye with split second aerial trick shots huge helpings of strategy flying cars all turned up to 11. It's very hard to put down too vehicle personalisation and simple yet effective communications with both hotkeys and VOIP make this a very community accessible game with cross platform party system to come doubly so. Strongle recommend must be tried!
Verry godd game )
Product received for free. If you like Monster Jam like a true fan as myslef.. you will enjoy this game beacsue of the constant smashing and speed.. use the hotshot because it gives the highest damge to the ball.. i also suggest turnign the cheering fans off because it is quite annoying.. hjonestly i dont even know if t hey are cherrign for mne or naught.
good game i love it
Gucci Gucci
Eees a very good game yes )
It's just goddamn amazing. I get tilted really easily and frequently yell at the game. But I can't stop playing. Please help.
AWESOME!!!
nice game like soccerbut its very hard D D
very fun
awsome game
Fun great looking game. New modes too. Great menu music.
What a game! You can't go wrong here...just buy it.
I really enjoyed playing this game. The thematic is awesome and has a great potential to be an e sport.There's one thing I really miss in the game which is the absence of a mini map.I hope on the next roll up updates that could be included.Recomended.
Rocket League is incredibly accessible to any player (especially if they have a controller hooked up but even with K/M).I can honestly say I haven't had more fun by immediately launching a game and hopping online with friends.The game is simple but fun and well worth the retail $20 pricetag.
Veru good game i playing it my every free time
EPIC
600+ hours the replay value is great. One of the best games to come out in the past 5 years.
This game is just awsome.. So much competiton technique and fun! You need to practice a lot to get good at this game... And once you get the hang of the controls you really start having fun.. The graphics are just ok nothing special there (it's meant to be playable by as many people as possible)There's a LOT of personalization of the cars going on in the game the decals and other stuff can be sold in exchange for keys really cool stuff...If you love cars rockets flying things and competition you should definitely buy this game!
good
The closest I can get to enjoying Soccer. A simple and addicting game that will give you hours of great gameplay epic goal shots and embarrassing own goals. Awesome to play in solo queue even better with your mates. Despite this the $20 price tag seems a bit too much for such a basic game (not that I'm complaining) so I'd recommend picking it up on a sale. But if you can't wait the $20 spent will be well worth it.
GG&lt BEST OUTTA TEN
Buy this game. Why are you even looking at reviews? every second you spend reading this is another wasted second that Rocket League isnt being installed.
Great game and superadductive. Team up with a group of friends and just have at it. Slightly mild learning curve at first but once u get the physics and the vehicles controls down the rest just comes naturally.One thing I would recommend for me using a console controller just felt a lot easier for controlling thr vehicles compared to a mouse &amp keyboard combo. I picked up a 360 usb controller got some gripit's to put on the joysticks and been loving it ever since!!
Propper discription How to destroy the relation with your friends.
You'd think that a game wich is petty much just "soccer with cars" would be really boring. But you'd be wrong. The game look gorgeous and it's a loot of fun. New stuff is added all the time.
I've logged in easily over 10 000 hours onto a previous favorite game (Star Wars Jedi Knight Jedi Academy Multiplayer) but after getting rocket league I haven't touched it. This is easily my favorite game.
already nominated for the steam awards
I Love this game its well worth getting. I love flying in my Dalorean.
The funniest game multiplayer or even singleplayer
Rocket League is a really enjoyable game and I would recommend it to anyone who is a pretty big fan of soccer stunts and cars in general. The graphics are up to par as well as the actual gameplay itsself. The game great because of its versatile range of gameplay and the small amount of trolls I personally have encountered in the community. The game includes many different gamemodes such as hockey basketball etc. It also allows you to change the settings(i.e. speed of your car size of the ball and level of gravity) in multiplayer mode with friends and the ranking system is decently accurate. All in all the game is fantastic the next big thing.
Cars Customization SoccerNeed I say more?
This game reminds me of chasing after my crush. Everyone else scores with her except for me11/10 would score again
better than coke
Lots of fun and very addictive game always alot of fun with friends
Rocket League is what you call "I'm gonna play this at 9am why is it 11pm" gaming. Addictive fun.
yaaaasssssss
Personally Best Game In My Steam Libaray
This game is pretty addicting easy to play hard to master. worth $20.
If I had a girlfriend I would break up with her so that I would have more time to play Rocket League.
RL. The Rocket League. Every teenager likes football and cars (I love the Ford Mustang GT) but when you have this its your whole life put together and tied up into something you can loosen up to. Something to hug and share your moments with. This is the Rocket League. No skill no dedicated mastery just play and wish for luck doing some flukey backflip etc goal.
Amazing game thanks for do him free for some days i had a really grate fun and i'm thinking to buy him.
Ruined my life. GeGe WePe.
good game played all day
Very fun exciting game of soccer with cars.No problems at all beside my skill level on the game.Easy to run. A lot of content and fun to play with friends.
This game requires skill but it's extremly enjoyable playing solo or with friends is so fun. Worth 20 $
there a ball dAdhmMMM get that ball DADGOTA BALL daderect/10
ing hot
Ok so after a few hours of playing the game all I can say is thisBUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this game is awesome! buy and play with your friends
Good game never getting bored of it )
Endlessly fun incredibly ragey. 11/10
Very fun to play. A few annoying people but one of the only games I've played where hackers aren't a thing. Nice to play a game with just skill and no extra advantages to it.
Masterpiece 10/10
fav video gameget it
Fun.
worth it
Good.
Rocket League What else is there to be said?Pros +Simple yet addicting gameplay that only gets more fun as you master its mechanics+Easy to pick up and put down if you have a few minutes+Consistent content updatesNeutral &gt Gamepad required (IMO) Keyboard and mouse users are welcome to have at it&gt Lack of game modesCons Horribly toxic community PSN cross platform Reporting players is basically useless (unless you provide extensive proof)
Buy this if you enjoy fun.
Soccer meets driving in this game+ Customisable cars+ Great maps+ Tricks+ Fun Leavers need to get punished harder in ranked.
i love it
I scream like a goat when I play this game. &gt
Im not tony the tiger but its gggggggggggrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaeeeeeeeeeeeeetttttttttttt
lit
NEATMIKE BROS!
10/10 would love to crash again.Seriously though this game is AMAZING!!! deserves awards and moneyz and everything but...for some reason this game crashes after EVERY single game runs 60fps smooth and then game ends and crash.plz fix.
amazing game! you should buy this one!
Great Game!
Fun game. Gets better as you learn!
nice
One of the best Football games I have ever played!!!!
Best game ever
While it has a steep learning learning curve Rocket League a vehicular sports game that resembles soccer is a great game. PROS Eyecatching graphics Great gameplay One of a kindCONS Quite difficult The community can sometimes be but most games are like that. Becomes a bit repetitive.
You need a degree in advanced physics to play this game
This game is worth its price! If you have friends it makes it even better!
Who in the hell would have thought RC cars playing Soccer Hockey Basketball... and whatever the hell they'll think up next would have been a good idea? I sure as hell didn't but I'm glad Psyonix thought it would be a good idea.It's an amazing amount of fun to play with friends for a quick game every so often.
This Is A great game and found very little wrong with it and can play it for hours on end! Now Here are the one problem i have found out today Xbox One Do NOT have to pay for DLC cars (discluding Delorean and Batmobile)
Product received for free. I love to play it with friends.+updates+dlc+fun+gtiches+more. noobs alert here bad maps in rankeds tokio wasteland starbase
Woohhh
Got It for free Shoutout to Wacky D9/10 To play with friendsGets boring after a few games
This game it one of the best games i have played and i recomend u get it!
Easy to pick up and difficult to master rocket league is an amazing bang for your buck game.Part fifa and part toy cars this games got fast paced action during pulse pounding matches.
This is an Incredibly fun game to play with friends. Smooth gameplay and beautiful graphic with good multiplayer. If you love soccer you will definitely love this. Thanks to Archgop for sending this gift.
Perfect &lt 3
RIP my Internet I say git gud and Rocket on. Great game best played with friends. And good internet unless you want to rubberband like me.
Great game!Great game!Great game!Chat has been disabled for 4 seconds.Great game!Wow!
Awesome surprise hit of the summer. A+++ Will order again. Fast shipping good packaging and communication. Fast emails. Blends elements that on paper shouldn't work. I like driving cars. Nose is fruity with a slight metallic note. Taste is warm &amp surprisingly sweet but spicy with toffee oak and goodyear tire flavors. Finish is long and strong reminiscent of a vanilla gorrilla. Play this game when you are done with Witcher 3.
Great Game so far!
Very nice and funny!
For all those that enjoy devising strategic solutions while under pressure as one engages in a battle of wits that will surely adapt oneself to a setting that may always prove unpredictable challenging and may also trouble many whom possess addictive personalities as they spiral downwards with an addiction that puts so many drugs to shame that this game might as well be illegal.
Wow!Wow!Wow!Chat has been disabled...
This game may look and feel a little childish but I swear if you yell POWER while kidding around you will feel likeJeremy Clarckson.
First game that I...100% ed x2Bought 2 times (PS4)Bought all DLC's x2Played for more than 250 hoursPlayed on my new GPUPlayed online multiplayer (I'm a single player person) that's saying a lot right there if you can't find something in this game you like there is something wrong with you even if it's just the music
Lots of fun quick online matches puts you right into the action. Pretty easy learning curve but hard to master. Definitely would recommend for when its on sale. Doesn't feel like a complete enough game for a full retail game though. Either way I'm enjoying it a lot.
dis game very fun
Hitting balls never gets old.
All there really is to say about Rocket League is...ROCKET LEAGUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Balls have taken over my life. 10/10 IGN
absolutely love this game great pass time and competitive
Smooth graphics intuitive controls and just plain fun. A must have for 2015.
All i wanna say. is this game is awesome.. to those who are planning buying this game.. BUY IT.. its awesome and its even awesome when played with friends or cousins. 10/10 for me but to some people. they are giving a more in depth review rather than mine )
A very competitive game!
One of the funnest games ive played in a while fast paced thrilling and very fun!!!
Product received for free. I like the community and I dont like crates
The game is cool but this review is for the Steam Badge
It's no game (Part 1)
A sports game that can be enjoyed by people who hate sports games.
CAN YOU GUYS PLEASE MAKE THIS FOR MAC YET?!!!?!!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?1?/1?!?!?!?!?!?1?1/1/SKERNGJLIBECFIUAIWYRFGEBQADNJKEGBFWE LSAIWUEVFEBALJWRFVBEQWRBLFPLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Buy a controllerstart this gamehit the ballscore a goalscore 50 goalsstart failingscore owngoalsrage alotdo trainingsyou are now impovingplay rocket labsplay competitivebut most importantlyhave fun
Put cars and football together and you get this.
Lel dis gaem is mlgpls subscroobel to mah mlg esports channelxXx_bAnAnAbIfF_xXx#proscopes #tekkers #tkrz #GOOOOOLlol jks asied dis gaem gud lol buy pls
I have a problem. Somebody please help me.
What are physics?
Can destroy Dirty Peasants 10/10 would up peasants again
A lot of fun to play with friends and totally worth the 20 dollars. I would recommend using a controller with this game since it makes it way better to control your car but the controls are nice and easy to learn. If you're looking for something to play with your friends this is a good game to get.
asuck my
Exactly like GYM classNobody ever passes to meI get yelled at for everythingEveryone pushes me around
umm yes
Fun
ranked system is pretty I always get thrown in with diamonds or noranks who were platin last season as a silver player...every other game makes it better than this Game is fun but this ranking is
Absolute blast
What a save!What a save!What a save! % $#
One of the best games i've ever play
Very nice game indeed and lots of fun.
If you ever thought that cars and soccer wouldn't mix you are a retard. It is like two people were asked to say the first thing that came to their mind and this was the end result. If you like high flying high speed stunt action with a soccer ball then this is it. The game is as serious as you want it to be and equally as comical as you can imagine cars and soccer to be. Even before the rumble addition had been added this game was addicting. Rumble only served to make the gameplay that much more comical and addicting at the same time.
Brillaint Game to play with friends!
I'm gonna write something here later... just give me five more minutes...
Fun game worst community.
it is a good Game But the ping in middle east is too high I would buy it when the ping become better.
Awesome game so much better than lucioball. 9/10 game 10/10 gameplay.
Very nice game. Entertaining.
Perfect example for "why hasn't anyone thought of this before?"
Perfect for playing for 10 minutes or 4 hours at a time. The most fun I've had playing a videogame... probably ever.
Fantastic game.
Game is simple... custom make your own car and use it to hit a puck basketball or a soccer ball....Runs very smoothly..._______FOR PEOPLE WHO DOES NOT KNOW HOW TO PLAY BASKETBALL/ SOCCER/ HOCKEY!!!!!!!!_______+++IF YOU ARE ON THE ING BLUE TEAM HIT IT TO THE ORANGE GOAL/ BASKET!!!!!!! IF YOU ARE ON THE ING ORANGE TEAM HIT IT TO THE BLUE GOAL/ BASKET!!!!!!!Overall the if you're looking for a game to rage on because your team is ING WACK then this is the game for you....A lot fo stupid yet a lot of fun!!!!!! RECOMMENDED!
This is an Awesome game i really enjoy playing it &lt 3
Been playing this game a while if fun frustrating and heart pounding. Learning to fly is the best part and will give you the advantage over the ball every time. The collection of parts is addictive with customisation being fun each DLC adds enough parts to change how you can look in a variety of ways.Team colours are are reduced for pratical sake but secondary paint colours are enough to fill any belly. Yes yes Black aswel. After playing this long enough black wont be enough.Most DLC has extra cars with them these cars usually have new paint jobs for just them. So dont expect Flames to be for every car.Parts Car Paint colours Hats radio Antenna ends Wheels Rocket Stream.Each part is unlocked as you play usually one per match. sometimes there'll be even only items for example Halloween had some bits you will only see from players who played at that time.Just think Nitro on an RC car.
Amazing game i rate it 504/10. lol
Cars with rockets playing soccer what's not to love. The price point of this game seemed high until I played the game. It's super fun and casual and I have gotten a lot of play time out of it. Even if I'm losing or playing poorly I rarely get salty when playing this game. Fun to just chill and relax while playing with friends. Of course there is also a growing competitive scene with a high skill cap.
Actually very good indie game! It s really funny and u can be better and better and try some leagues like etc.! I recomend it!
I have never hated my opponent more in my entire life.
hours of fun no matter your skill level
Rocket league is a wonderfully distilled piece of fun. Controls are simple actions are simple learning is simple. Even as a very casual adult player I can play against excellent players lose horribly and still have a blast. A++
car goes vroom.
so much ing fun
Gudgame!
you get to fly cars around and shoot goals pretty fun.
one of the best games ive played.
best game
I only play this when I don't know what to play. Very addictive Be warned
Yes too many reasons to list. This game looks so simple from the outside but after a few hours of playing it you start to realize the massive potential you have to get better...and better..and better.11/10 Gameplay. Always a way to improve. Always a new challenge. No two games are the same.Psyonix is the most active and engaging developer team out there. They communicate well and fix issues almost immediately (even the game breaking bugs like the double rainbow) all while constantly adding additional features and new game modes to the game.
Great game lots of replayability. Only game that makes me move my controller like a steering wheel for some reason.Scoring a good goal in this is like a hit of cocaine.9/10(quick reviews by elek)
So I started to experience withdrawal symptoms...
I think this is one of my favourite games of all time
Product received for free. I hate my friends
Best game ever! Super fun to play with your friends. It would even better if it were updated more often.
Love this game and i would recommend to anyone that likes cars and soccer
your dad cannot hurt you here
my life force is being sucked out by this game
Awesome game very addictive !
Very fun game some people don't like it after a while but I enjoy this game a lot and I think that it will go very far. It's fun alone but it's even more fun with friends because then you can communicate and strategize the field. Overall I think it was worth the 20 dollars. )
nice game nice DLC's.worth the money
One of the best games I've ever played! LOVE IT! D &lt 3
2 things you need to know about this game 1) It's fun2) It's fun
game that you would play for fun but that fun is reptitive once you hit 20 50 hrs and you are half decent when you start off you would know all the tricks and how to 'fly' or 'fart up'. so would recommend if you have friends who will play with you this game if not then have fun in your 40 hrs on this game P (i only have 10 hrs of this game and i got bored.)
Addictive game. Great gameplay servers are typically good the business model has gotten worse with time. Putting cars in the crates is obnoxious although I'm sure it brings more money in. Hopefully they're working on a new game as one can only be a one trick pony for so long even though it's an incredibly COMPELLING one trick pony.Protip turn off crates in settings before you're even tempted. You can buy plenty of better things than $1.50 CHANCES at cosmetic items.
Rocket League is a great goofy easy to learn and difficult to master action sports game which demands that you grab a few friends and play a few roun
Really Great buy I reccomend to anyone looking for a casual or serious game. This game is great with family friends or by yourself!
PROS Graphics are Very good and appealing. Gameplay is very good. Game Concept is very Unique. Game is very optimised Very well. Controls are also very good. Multiplayer Online Gameplay is also very good and less laggy. Very Uniquely Designed Cars. Sound Quality is good. Stadium Design are also good. CONS Need More number of Cars. Need More Customisable Parts like TailLight Under the car neons flashing Headlight Colors. No smoke coming out of car tyres when drifting. Give Us burnout type initial startup like when car is standing and match is about to begin revolve the tyres when rev. No xbox one controller impulse trigger vibration. NOTES Very good and addictive game once u start playing its never ending fun. At first it feels gameplay littleBoring but when u start getting hang of it the fun gets better and better as ur level and skill level Of playing this game increases. Give us xbox one controller impulse trigger vibration.Go for it Gamers its a true competitive game.
One of the Best Games i played in my Life.Buy it Have Fun with it and blame your Friends when you lose Kappa
Nice
I have it for the free weekend and I win.
Scrub was bragging because he beat me and someone else. Called us salty.We won a match after losing a few he left instantly and was replaced by an AI named "Saltie".13.86/10 would shrek scrub again.
This game is the bomb
I've heard greatness of this game and so I decided to try it. I myself usually play MMO's or FPS' but I had to give this a shot. Little did I know that I was getting myself into a new addiction.The games are usually very short but very face paced so you can play multiple games within an hour easily. The gameplay itself is very unique and smooth kind of like Hot Wheels or Twisted Metal (without the weapons) meets soccer/football. It's very tricky to get used to at first but once you do you'll want to better yourself and play more and more.There is a TON of car customization and loads of different cars to choose from in this great game. From cute little puppies on your roof to snake eyes on your rims! Most items are earned through random drops rewarded to those that complete their games. There are however crates for those that want to spend a few bucks and maybe get something more but again you can get most things in game via end game rewards. The only gripe that I have is that the servers sometimes don't put you into a match this isn't around your rank. You can be Pro/Expert and play with Rookies or vise versa. Other than that this game is absolutely great unique fun and I highly recommend it to anyone out there!...........................................................................................................TL DRPros+ Emmersive gameplay+ Casual &amp Competitive gamemodes+ Friendly community+ Lots of car customization+ Great soundtracks+ Amazing car handling and air mechanics+ Holiday/E sports events+ Developers really listen to the communityCons Servers are sometimes slow to respond and give poor performance (EU) Can be placed in a game with much higher ranks as a noobRating 4.5 / 5
The RL gods hate me (
played during the free weekend. wasted a few hours of my life. 11/10 would waste again
10/10 Best Music
Fun to play with friends. Nuf to say more.
best game to ruin a friendship11/10
brilliant game.
simple
What can I say its Rocket League Go Vroom Vroom and bounce ball in to goal Listen to awesome music from game soundtrack Play with friends FLY!!!
Very Good Game I like it but matchmaking could be better because we play against bigger ranks then we are
BEST GAME EU!!!!!!!!!
god?
Play it. Buy it. Play it.
Before I played ( ʖ ) &lt ヽ / へ / / ﾚ ノ ヽ_つ / / / / ( (ヽ 丿 ) ) / ノ ) LﾉAfter I played ﾌﾌ ム ヽ / ノ) ヽ / ( ʖ ノ ゝ._ ノ / ﾉ 7 ヽーく 丶 ノ ノ / ヽ ー '_人 ーﾉ 丶 _人'彡)
I hate football but love Rocket League. It's a awesome game to play with friends or with randos. Definatly worth it even at full price. You can rankup from Rookie to Pro to Veteran etc. It's always funny when your pwning someone who is higher rank.I recommend this game to anyone.
Fast pace simple and passionate! No wonder it's so popular.If you still have any doubt just give it a shot during this weekend while it's free. Definitely worth it.
If you think this just doesn't look like your cup of tea and you won't like it you're wrong. Maybe it's too shallow a cup of tea. Maybe it's too weak. No my friend. This is not just any tea. This is a bottomless pit of chai picked from bright tropical rainbow fields. The steering is exquisite imagine delicately picking tea leaves with a humvee's grill with your tire treads spawning a billion new seedlings yet crushing none. Imagine the humvee runs on raw spices its smoke an aromatic blend of cinammon cardamon nutmeg and cloves. Imagine the humvee is filled with an oxygenated mass of ginger and lemon that you can float and breathe in and now you are flipping the tea leaves by flipping your fat humvee 720 degrees you are weightless and not remotely ill. Now you hop you leap and you are flying through the air. You're in a rocketship humvee and you're not as free as a bird but those tea leaves they are yours. And sometimes not there are others floating about making tea and sometimes they steal a sip of yours and vice versa but you don't mind at all in no small part because none of you are remotely milk intolerant and the clouds are branded A2 proteins. The heavens are raining warm honey milk down upon you your humvee is burping steam through the leaves and you are on a planet of foaming chai latte.That is Rocket League.
You know that game is realistic when big guys pushes you around and bullies you. 11/10 would get bullied again.
Only game i enjoy giving the devs my money for all those dlc's. Keep up the good work. Its an amazing game for both those who just like fun and those who like to be serious
Easy to pick up hard to master.
its a realy good game and worth the money.its fun to play with friends _
+REP COOL FANTASTIC GAME
nice game
The best game ever.
It's k
Yes the game is more about rushing and not about strats like Forza Horizon 2 but if you have a bunch of friends then buy this game all together and enjoy it as you can really have a lot of fun in it. AND its on Summer Sale right now so grab it and enjoy!
This game is a man dream.Football + RC Cars Good Game.
It's 3v3 soccer (futsal?) with rocket cars a match made in heaven. Success depends on a mix of technical skill reading the opponents and common sense strategy. At the same time there's plenty of chaos nobody can control the ball forever anyone can put the ball in the goal and an amazing play can happen at any time. The controls feel great and offer a wide range of motion riding up walls high speeds and even flight...after some practice. Player eliminations (executed by hitting an opponent at full speed) aren't rewarded or condoned in any way by themselves but sometimes they're exactly what you need to win.Rocket League was my favorite game the month it launched and it's still getting better every month. It's great alone online and even in local multiplayer. Essential Steam.
Awesome competitve game!Overall this is a AWESOME GAME 133/7 WOULD RECCOMEND TO A FRIEND1 thing though... wish they upped the idle timer because i will go to pee and ill come back and i would be kicked.
&lt 3
Wow!Nice one!Wow!Wow!Chat disabled for 1 seconds.
Product received for free. Really cool as me and HEARTEYEEMOJI Glowy play together and we REALLY Recomend you all play it too! !!!!!(Why ???XD)
Good Game
heaps as
Fun AF
this game is defintly worth the price Awsome game
A very simple game with a very simple concept something that most modern day multiplayer games lack but Rocket League excels at. As a football (soccer) fan this game does incredibly well to capture the drama and emotion of the beautiful game. I've had games where my team was 4 0 down with 2 minutes left only to turn it around and win 5 4 with the last shot going in at the 05 mark. On the flip side we've conceded last second goals in ranked that left everyone questioning their existence. On top of this the developers have not dissapointed with the super cheap DLC! Which is of course optional and does not have any impact on gameplay if you choose not to purchase. The first flawless cross platform matchmaking I've seen. Take note EA some developers do care. This game brings about the same feelings I had for Super Mario Strikers back in the day. Just about as good as a simple multiplayer game can get. Play it with your friends and you're bound to have some laughs talk some trash and score some amazing goals.
WARNING!!! Cross platform play does NOT mean you can party with your friend's to play with on PS4. I bought the game because I have many friends on PS4 that play and I have no way of playing with them. Quite disappointed.
An arena based remake of Oregon Trail.
Its a really funny and competitive game to play! I love it &lt 3
Ball bounces high and fast. Great game.
this is a good game to play while drinking without question. ) enjoy )
Great game can't really complain.
Wonderful Game! Really fun to play especially with your friends!
Hey thats pretty good.
Everything has already been said about this game its amazing.
Rocket League is the third installment in Nickelodeon's hit series Rocket Power. The kids having been in a fatal accident and being amputees they pursue the only reasonably radical sport they can soccer with cars. The players are divided into two teams bodacious blue and osogood orange and together players fight over big balls. The game is quite good but however sometimes it becomes a bit frustrating when you don't get the gnarly score you thought you'd get because of some whack attack physics. If you're like me and you don't wanna fool cuz you're cool I'd reccomend that you shred on this game with a homie g. This game is meant to be enjoyed with a ploy for friends to the end ya dig. Now I gotta go take a fun run in this untame game thanks goodnight fam.4/10 I expected better
Great game best in 2015/16.
The continued developer support to this game blows me away. Need more devs like Psyonix in the world!
Amazing game awesome point
A LOT of fun! I know the description "Soccer with cars" is a bit lame but it is awesome. Truly.
Th1s G me is like a wh33l man with a dash of WHAT A with ball man that will Bl0w Mindss AND lycarily infuse Nikun to eat poo poo also MAH mixtape 'D4nceKu$h' feat TIMMY a b01 band front man that was established in 1999 TIMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEH but in all seriousness YALL SHUD V1S1T MAH SOUNDCLOUD 'Ku$h did 911' this will lyrically blow ur poo poo out of nikuns mouthhole
I highly recommend a controller in this game to be honest.It makes moving so much easier and even as a mostly keyboard and mouse gamer I still enjoy the controller and don't find it /too/ hard to get used to it. It allows you to move in more than eight directions that a keyboard gives you and also allows more camera options in game.As for the game itself I find it a load of fun even though I suck at it. Just imagine driving an RC car with a jet booster hitting a soccer ball inside of a giant cage with other RC cars with jet boosters hitting a soccer ball.Perfect game for RC car enthusiasts who also happen to be soccer fans in short.
All 62 of my fighting men approve of this game
Very good game !!!
FIFA With Cars10/10
"All the best games are easy to learn and difficult to master." This is honestly one of the most entertaining exciting and exhilirating games I have ever played. The game is so simple on the surface but there is so much to it beneath that which you continue to find and continue to be surprised by every step of the way. The gameplay is fun nothing ever gets boring there is massive amounts of support from the developers the community is avid and sportsmanlike and the game runs beautifully on any machine. I honestly can not think of a time where I have thought this game was a bad investment and at twenty dollars I would strongly recommend this game to anyone.
Exceptionally competetive multiplayer and sometimes infuriating to play but thats what makes it so good and fun. It's like fifa... if fifa had cars... and a gaint ball.... and wasnt made by EA xD
FUN! Great game!
Worst physics stupid bouncing ball pingbest game
its good
this game is an absoulete meme name input("What is a meme")
Hit kick and fly your way through the fun action packed high pacing game of RL. Car soccer? Really? Yes that s right and it works. You can play casuals and have tons of fun by yourself or with a group of friends. But if you want to play competitive well you will realize how much you suck at the game. With free map updates and good server support this game is a definite grab for your library.
A game to bring together those who like going really fast in a car and sports!
Very fun.
It's how soccer was meant to be played.
the paint is cute and the wheels smell chubby
I don't know why but I like.
It's a cool game. Must play this.
Nice shot!Great pass!What a save!Chat disabled for 4 seconds.
Lit AF
Rlly good game&gt Good Graphics&gt Cool Cars&gt 1v1 2v2 3v3 and 4v4 matches&gt Fully costumisable cars&gt Balanced DLCs&gt Not P2W&gt Can play with friends Rank system still is not the best11/10 Fifa
This game is a ton of fun and reaaaally addictive.Do not have anything more to say just buy it and try it.
If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients 1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples peeled cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double crust pie Directions 1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter white sugar brown sugar water cinnamon and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9 inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10 inch circle. Cut into 8 (1 inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips one at a time into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter sugar mixture over top of pie coating the lattice and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and bake until the crust is golden brown the caramel on the top crust is set and the apple filling is bubbling 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.
Easy to learn game with great teamwork/strategies.But very very hard to master.
This game is too much fun. Just buy a few copies to give to your friends.
Much cars much balls much fun!
Went 60000MphNuked guy my car was fineBall was also in the game10/10But seriously great game. Recommended. I don't even like soccer (or football if you're a silly Brit).
super cool
I like this game like I like my hard
I love this game so much. But there are still some things I would love to see in the game.Car designs It would be so much easier for me to change my car designs if I would be able to save my setups. Being able to have different patterns for different teams.I would be so happy if you would add these things to the game )
Great Game!
This game is FANTASTIC! Other game devs take notes on how smoothly this game plays and runs 1 WEEK AFTER LAUNCH! This game is so near perfect that it is crazy. Most games that have been out for many years are more buggy then this game that was released a mere week ago. As somebody who is not really into soccer this game pulls you in and makes you play for hours at a time. The game looked boring at first but when I began to play it I threw that idea away instantly. Pros + Some of the best co op play ever.+ Amazingly competitive gameplay.+ Some of the fastest matchmaking I have ever witnessed.+ Great servers.+ Awesome customization of your car.+ Cross compatibility with the Ps4.+ Great controller support.+ Very clean game no crashes or bugs ever witnessed.+ Sweet graphics. Cons That annoying vuvuzela sound at the beginning of games. Once you unlock all items for the cars game becomes a tad bit stale. Please for the love of all that is holy buy this game. It is one of the greatest $20 I have ever spent on a game.Rating 10/10
My favorite game now one of the best in last years no joke guys try for yourself much much fun )
I hate football games I hate racing/car games but I love this game!
je trouve se jeu tres amusant diversant je pourrai faire que sa
Got gamePlayed 1v1Guy scored 20 points on meAsked for refundBought metro 2033 bundle.
This game will make you rage. Either way the game is well made Good servers with no lagNo pay to win just purly skills and teamworkingMany cars to choose fromGood Mechanics and very good graphicsThe bad The soundtrack is horrible and annoyingSometimes you get to play with people with much higher rating than your own.Despite that you will surely like this game10/10
this is how i played with my hotwheels when i was 5... TY
This is definitely some of the best $20 I have ever spent. Huge player base right of the start and has a huge competitive capacity! I definitely couldnt recomend this game more the only negative I have encountered so far is limited customization on car parts. Though maybe that will come.11/10 Car Explosion SimulatorDefinitely Pick This Game Up!
I literally shouted "goal" when we scored in overtime.
My ping is super high because I am from South East Asia and you don't have any servers here. Pls make a server in SEA. I have a decent connection but I get 200+ ping every single game. The game is super fun tho even tho my ping is high. I just hope they will add a server in SEA soon. )
This is the first game to get me excited about playing in many years. There is something so teeth clenchingly fun about rocket powered soccer cars. I lean left and right and forward along with my car sort of like how you lean when you play Wii Bowling.Honestly just get this game. Even at full price you won't regret it. It's honestly the most replayable game I've ever owned and my life is better for me playing it.
Forget the World Cup this game is far more enjoyable than actual football. Going outside to kick a ball around with your feet is for losers.
Rather steep learning curve.Playerbase (can't really call this a "community") so toxic your eyes will melt the moment your first NON RANKED match starts.But it's fun with real friends (if you have them).
Easy to get into hard to master insanely fun. This is coming from a guy who doesn't like football nor racing games go figure.
10/10 rly gud game i lyke
Gotta Go Fast
Rocket League is a very addicting game. Even if you don't like soccer (like me) you will still enjoy Rocket League. Rocket League has full controller support even for PS4 controllers. No complex stuff just plug it in and start playing! In rocket league You have many beginner cars to choose from and you can customize them to your liking. Over a period of time You will get crates that you can open and get an item. It can either be a rare item very rare item import item exotic item or a mystery decal. The higher item type the more it is worth. When I first got rocket league I thought it was boring but I played it a few times and from then I was addicted. I hope this helps you!
It is pretty laggy but other than that a good game
I can't wall hit for but I can sure off my teammates!
sick game
too addicted to this game &lt 3
yes. good. buy
This is a great game to play with friends and its really easy to get good at D Totally recommend
good game can not stop playing it. you must have a contoller though if you want a good experience.
Futebol de carro imagina que loco
Such a fun game! Even though I'm not the most skilled player in the slightest I still recommend anyone to give this game a try. You won't regret it!
This game has both nice graphics and gameplay.It's a great joy to play it with friends.A great action soccer game with nice cinematic camera and epic goals! Plus many customizations for your car.
What a game! What a game!What a game!gg.
I always have fun playing Rocket League with my friends either we are just playing casual or competitive. There is a good learning curve that is fun to learn but also challenging. There is always great music playing(wish there was music while accualy playing though) and unlocking and earning funny/goofy cosmetic items to put on your vehicle is cool. I would recommend this game to anyone and all ages.
Great little game this Very competitive Very addictive all round pretty darn tasty. 10/10 IGN would recommend )
Tres bien!
Rocket League is one of those games that you plan on just picking up and playing a little before you sleep. Then next thing you know you are still playing a couple hours later.Truly a great game for anyone! Even if you do not have any experience with this type of game you should be able to pick up the basics generally very quickly. Just keep playing and do the Trainings to hone your skills and slowly get better and better. This game has slowed down my CS GO addiction. Thats pretty crazy. Congratulations to the devs who keep giving out great content and giving us this amazing game.
Uber fun D
Rocket powered mini cars playing soccer need i say more?
fun game
Soccer with race cars. I mean how much ing cooler can a game get right? Buy it today thank me later. Looking for a bit more insight? You read the wrong review.
Do i recommend this game...Yes. Why? The Just 5 More Minutes AwardThats why.
wowwowoowowo
Extremely fun and addicting this is a must buy.
Just got it played for 10 hours without realizing it. Best game I've played in a long time.
As good as you heard it was.
Easy to understand hard to master but increadible fun. The game I played most in my library by far. And for only 20 bucks (or less if on sale ) ) I can only recommend buying it D
Very fun multiplayer game It is fun to play with friends a lot of customizable cars but i think the price should be lower.
Super fun! It takes a long time to truly get skilled at the game but it's an awesome game to sit back and relax and play with a controller and just enjoy it recreationally.
must stop my loss streak
This game makes me cry myself to sleep. The only thing I can hit is my teammates but that's OK. I still recommend it though 10/10.
Rocket League? More like... This Is A Cool Game And I Recommend You Get It League.
Just really solid fun.And rage lots of rage.But fun.And rage.But generally more fun then rage.Unless you lose.Then rage.
really fun game. worth every euro
The Ultimate Guide to Rocket League1. Assume that everyone is worse than you2. Use quick chat passive aggressively 3. Nothing is your fault4. You're just stuck in elo5. That shot totally should've gone in this game is brokenYou are now gud.
Incredibly fun and very challenging. Very great socially and engaging too. Can't get away from the game!
Lit
its very fun
This game is funny. Making nice goals is the best of it. Also as a Supernatural fan i would love to see (a special new car) the Black '67 Chevy Impala there pI can only recommend this game. )
Not bad play every now and then.
Great game!
Product received for free. WHOOOAAAAAAA DUDEEE !!!!
What more can I say that hasn't been covered a 1000 times before? Easy to pick up and get involved but nearly impossible to master. This game is addictive engaging and a blast with friends. The competitive scene is massive and microtransactions are cosmetic only. The only true downside for me is the toxic community. If it bothers you to see childish racey and disrespectful remarks simply disable text chat and keep voice to your party only through discord or another service.
Before I played RL ( ʖ ) &lt ヽ / へ / / ﾚ ノ ヽつ / / / / ( (ヽ 丿 ) ) /ノ ) LﾉAfter I played RL ﾌﾌ ム ヽ/ ノ) / ( ʖ ゝ. ノ // ﾉ 7 ヽーくー 丶 ノ ノ / ヽ ー '人 ーﾉ 丶 人'彡)
Good game just toxic community and a weird matchmaking system.Most of the times that you play this game ranked you will play against a guy with 500+ hours carryig his silver friendsAfter all its a good and fun game to play casually with some friends
this game is my fav love it D
rocket league is fab )
Fun to play with friends and alone
Rocket League is a very fun game to play i think football with cars is a good idea the game is good my rate is 8/10
Yes it is as good as everyone says.
I think the only good thing missing is a Spanish commentator when I'm spectating matches. 10/10 would commentate Rocket League in Spanish again.In all seriousness though this game blew my mind. I didn't expect much from a game where you kick a soccer ball around with a car but it really gets addictive after a while. Super fun game loving the new gamemode rumble which added a whole new level of fun (and complaints from friends) to the game.
I honestly can't say anything negative about this game. I can wholeheartedly recommend it throughout on all aspects. The servers are well established and allows cross play from PS4 and PC. The mechanics in the game are flawless and I see no bugs. This game has A TON of potential for ups for sick moments and for hilarious moments. You won't regret buying this game whether you're alone or a group.
Now that i have finally reached 100 hours in this game i feel i can finally give a good review of it. Rocket League is a game that has the old school gaming feel where you can just start the game and within seconds be connected to a game really good for the pick up and play if you dont have much time. Playing by yourself can be dull at time given that you sometimes may be paired up with people that are too good or people that like goofing around which can cause the game to be stressful. When you play competitive this gives you a whole new reason to not fool around and play serious because the matches and points matter that is what i mostly play on. Playing with people from your friends list can add a huge amount of fun to the game because you are playing with them more and more over time and then you start to build that team chemistry and then the real fun begins. All in all this game is good when you are pressed for time but this game can also cut into your other games because this game can be so fun and you constantly will lose track of time. Overall this game is a solid 9/10 for the price point and the hours you can play it is a massive positive and well worth the money. Get it and go out and get your boost on.
This game is very well optimized and it works even on a weak PC. I am playing it on Very High and it works very well and i have just an ATI Radeon HD 6790.It is very fun and you willl never be bored to play a match. The most interesting part is that you can play/troll with your friends so it is a very funny game. Recommended
swag
Easy to learn hard to be master. This game has really addicted me.
great
Game is great I haven't got bored of it yet. Plenty of game modes cars and maps.
Money well spent.
Great Game!
It is a fun little game.. the graphics are good. the physics are decent and the player base is not toxic. a well rounded game in my opinion.
Hard
Soccer meets RC rocket powered cars.A Brilliant mix that leaves you having a good time and probably giving you a good laugh for trying too hard to get a goal.This game is very fun bringing fun game modes and most specially the snow day game mode where you fight over a hockey puck xDPlayed on free weekend. Can't wait to buy this sometime!
Calculated.
Don't listen to that console peasantry t talk saying that you need a controller.keyboard has equal chance of winning.Oh and noice game... 10/10 would ball again.
DIVISION DOWN SIMULATOR
Take the old music on the menu!!
I just started getting into this game a few weeks ago after they added the trade update. Let me tell you... The game has not changed since it first came out still just as amazing as it was before. I haven't found anybody I've traded with to be suspicious at all and the community is generally "non cancer" excpet for the occasional greifer here and there... Definetly worth the $20.00 but I would wait for it to go on sale before buying it if your wallets a little light...9/10 *GREAT graphics generally good community and well optimized. 1 for the griefers*You will probably need a pretty good computer to run it at max settings I myself don't have a problem with it.
Best game of 2015! I would defiantly recommend this game to everyone I know because I always have fun playing with my friends that own the game
Awsome game!
This game need coop season mod
This game is a really simple concept. While this concept strongly alludes to soccer it also shows its own original gameplay. It's a simple game to learn but difficult to master.
Its a good game I cant stop playing I give it a YES!
Great fun"Just one more round..."Pros Rock solid core mechanics Bite length matches (five minutes regular time) Tight controls (gamepad) Crossplay between PC and PS4 or Xbox One Unlocks are cosmetic only skill counts Little downtime between matches Extra diversion modes added for free Arenas are freeCons Occasional crashes before the next match (on the same server) starts (no crashes after the 1.03 patch) Some A few servers have annoying lag Join in Progress can remove an AI guarding the goal and place the joining player somewhere else a few moments later avoided by playing competitive Sometimes a joining player will have an AI portrait Still can't queue up together across PC and PS4 (party) Not that many paintjobs Limited content in the DLCs wait for a saleEdit FormattingEdit Add note about crashesEdit No more crashesEdit Some changes
5/7 Better than Undertale.
Is goodWowI'm goin g to see it
best game ever and very joyfull to even when you had a rough day
stole my friend's controller to play this game.would like to steal again.10/10.
I just bought it because i think it was funny to play some times. Now i play it so mutch its the best game over. &lt 3
Buys game thinking will be fun...Gets in game hopelessly chases ball with car4 Hours later still hopelessly chasing the ball with car. 10/10 Would chase balls again
Tears Rage Euphoria Dreams. Rocket League is love and life. Solid Gameplay in bite sized chunks great party game and the best $20 ever spent
Did not mess up a soccer/football game like EA does every year
A fantastic game I reccommend you go buy it if you haven't. The gameplay is fun and the customization is another really neat feature about the game!
Fun.
Love this game. Super super fun. Played almost 170 hours now.
Rocket League is a Great Game with a Great Community.
Very nice game
GOOD GAME
cool game
best game so far! )
AWESOME GAME Best Game Ever 5/7
Life.
The guy who created the concept to this game must be a no s giving genius! Cars playing football why the not??So addicting has got me 400 hours until this exact moment of both joy and frustration always learning new techniques and tactics to become better and better.Multiplayer with friends or going all solo this game is amazing. 10/10
good game. got dropped a dlore
super sonic battle speed cars is the best sportsball game known to man with customization out the wazoo and dank bicycle kick maneouvers this game is something to hold close to your heart10/10 would score own goals again
Why can't I put this game down I don't get it.
not only does this game look really good but it can also run a potato. just to prove this here are my system specs AMD Athlon X2 II 240 2.80 4 gigs of RAM Nvidia Geforce GTX 650 2 gig WIndows 10 OS. the GPU is about the only thing that is not from 2009/2010 on this old computer and the game runs really well on maxed settings which could mean that it is very GPU dependent. Now on to the game play the game is simple your a car and you must play a very weird version of soccar. when driving around destroying other cars hitting the ball around or making goals you will a get a huge sense of hype and excitment. you will find your self boosting yourself up and down the arenas causing massive chaos just to get a big ball full of gas in a goal. the hectic nature of the game takes several notes from actual sports like soccar and hockey and transforms it into a crazy arcade like sci fi sport i would expect to only see in a 90's action movie. P.S. now only if someone can create a tiwisted metal type game mode
Brilliant game just like car football on Top Gear except with rocket jets on the back of your car. Initially assumed that it'd be a multiplayer or don't play sort of game but I couldn't have been more wrong.
I bought this game because my friends recommended it to me and i don't regret it.Pros +So much fun with friends ( I mean the moments when you fail easy goals)+Car cutomization+ 3 mods ( Football (For Americans Soccer") Basketball and Hockey.+ Very good game for relaxingCons It's not that easy when you use keyboard.
Very addictive very skillbased game. If you like to learn games mechanicks and grind that skill score epic unreal goals then look no further your in right place. Remeber for most of us it will take time and patience to become good in this game.
great mix between racing demolition soccer/football.
mäng
There is no doubt in my mind this is the perfect game for me. Whenever I want to hit a ball or have nothing else to do this game is what comes first. I have never played a game more defined by "easy to learn hard to master" than this because after almost 300 hours I've still barely scratched the surface of what techniques can be used to win. The addictive nature of the game clearly comes from it's simplicity and with about 100k players on at a time there's no shortage of people to play with. It can run on a potato with ease yet it still looks great on higher end systems.Pros Easy to run Technical prowess off the charts Fluid and smooth gameplay DLC is cheap and is definitely worth it Cars controls and camera can be highly customized Looks great on higher end machines Potato can play with no problem (had an intel hd 620 igpu and still ran fine) Devs communicate with community on r/rocketleagueMixed Community can be toxic at times but like with many popular games it is bound to happen No easy way to obtain crates (unless you want to farm but don't do that)Cons Many items locked behind crates Report system can be abused
Too Many Rockets Not enought League's 8/10
&gt Buy Game&gt Change Names to Football Players&gt School Kids&gt Everyone Rages10/10 like making people rage at Pelé
This is a really fun game to play with friends can be relaxing when your winning but can be frustrating when you lose 5 1 but i do recommend this game as there is very funny moments you can have with other online people.
"It's Basically Car Soccer with Rockets!" Finnkip 2015
Cars + Ball Addiction
saaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa good
Nice! Sehr gut!
F U C K FIFATHIS IS BETTERdumb venuzelans git gud and play this instead of fifainstead of FIFA 17 its fifa S H I T teen
It is a very fun game.
AwesomenessLIGITTotally worth it
Damn good game the best multiplayer game I've played for quite awhile definitely recommend it
THIS IS THE MOST INTENSE MULTIPLAYER GAME I'VE COME ACROSS. Please buy this if you have a group of friends that want to mess around on a track and allahu akbar the cars on the field. 10/10
I don't like football. I don't care about cars. I love rocket league.
Addictive and insanely funShort story. I bought this game on December 23rd.And on December 26th 72 hours later. I had playedthis game for 35 hours.Nuff said.9/10 buy it!
very fun game 10/10 from me
Good way to kill time. Fun even if you're bad. Lots of room for individual skill. Well worth the price tag.
You can hit your teammate10/10DavidElMista is noob
I never would've thought a car soccer game could be so amazing..
well created
Alot of fun!
chal has good potential but needs practice
Rocket League is quite the good game. Who knew that rocket cars flying around in an arena casually blowing each other up and hitting balls could be so exhiliarating? When I first got this game I thought it was cool but didn't think I'd spend 200+ hours on it and yet here I am. What an amazing deal this game was and will be as I play more and more of this fun game.
I've never had so much fun being terrible at a videogame. 10/10Sorry past and future team mates.
this game really is amazing its not some knock off early access to get money out of you and its definitely not pay to win its really what you expect forgot to close a couple of tabs? doesnt matter because a potato could run this! all in all its fun racing soccer games that even amazing with family but better with friends
It is very fun but if you have lag issues this game is not even playable due to the high speed gameplay
Best Game!
Nice game
Its repetitve after a while.. requires 40% skill 10% good controller and 50% luck shot on goal
Car soccer GGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLL!!!!
Nice Gameplay!Great Music!Nooooo! CommunityChat disabled for 9001 Seconds.
Its ing awesome! I love the game.
What can I say hundreds of hours of entertainment here. Combination of moderate learning curve super high skill ceiling generally fair matchmaking and rewarding gameplay especially when playing with a friend or two. Highly recommend some kind of controller (I chose wired Xbox360) which is unusual for me. This is the first game I've come across where the experience is markedly better with a controller vs mouse and keyboard. THINK CAREFULLY about your button mapping because once you learn a mapping it is very hard to re learn a new mapping later.One of the best entertainment values out there if you're into games with plenty of action.
When is it going to mac?
This game is good because me and Joey were having fun until things started getting serious and there were internal conflicts blaming yelling trash talking but in the end we were friends. I recommend.
...
It's okay I guess
Join casual 3v3 for warmup your team is 5 goals behind with a minute remaining. 10/10 would join again
FUN to describe this game in one wordEXTREMELY FUN to describe this game in two wordsGet it?Buy it!
Very entertaining and intense game especially with friends.
#Up to 4 player splitscreen (!!)#Cross platform(!)#Football+Racing+Skills(!!) &gt Got MVP in my second match ! &gt One of the best game of 2015!!!10/10
Best Game Ever Created!
really fun to play and better with friends
Is a very good game funny amazing that need time and skill for play.if you want to be excited when you score goals and you are bad or good soccer player in the real life this is your game
good game very addictive.
Product received for free. The most enjoyable fustrating game on the market.
The concept of game looks like the most thing in the universe. In fact when you start playing it it becomes very serious and funny game . WARNING!!!!! very addictive.Rocket League 10/10
I would name this game Car League because there are no rockets in this game lel.10/10
good game
It's a games with rocket powered cars that can jump and do some acrobatic stuffs like barrel roll around stadium to score some goals.What else do you want?
Fun but damn if you get bad team mates this game sucks.
So addicted to this game that it made me not study for my science exam.100/10
Such a simple game that's why I love it !
I recommend this very strongly to people who are thinking of buying it. It's a fun game!
I never expected this game to be as good as it is. At the surface it looks like a football game with cars that would get boring after 30 min but it doesn't. Even though the levels are pretty much the same and the cars can only be upgraded on their cosmetics its the simplicity and depth that make this game shine. Matches of 5 minutes make the game very intense and scoring some skill goals or blocking some insane shots are satisfying. For me its worth the price. Definitely recommend this hidden gem.
Really good game!
amazzing
play it a bit p good i guess
Rocket League is a highly addictive game due to its mix of football and cars it isnt specific in its audience so anyone can enjoy it. Car customization is great allowing for a unique player look. It is quick to pick up and it takes time to build up the skill to be great at timing your shots and doing tricks etc. I would say that it is more of a game you would play for half an hour or so rather than long runs as it can get repetitive but it takes time for the novelty to wear off and it is something I seriously recommend playing for a laugh with friends.
Worth buying Cars + football (soccer) life
Mostly fun to play with friends. Love it.
Nice Game
disgame much awesome. very fun. wow
rather play angry birds
Such a fun game!! Absolutely recommend it!
You Should Buy on sale
Nc Game this game like a soccer
very fun and fast paced
THE BEST &lt 3 GAME
This game can be loads of fun even tough there isn't much variety in gameplay and I fear it will become boring rather fast.Issues I see regularly matches not starting due to missing players (matchmaking should kick in and fix the situation) bad lags in every 5th match or so (even with good ping probably caused by other players' bad connectivity or packet loss) for casual players voice and text chat usually is a mere nuisance and should be removed entirely (or give me the option to deactivate both)
For someone who hates football I love this game so much!
This is one of those games that you need to own and is basically always fun and its even better with friends.
I'm impressed by the level of mastery that can be achieved. It's a simple concept but the controls and the polish is all just perfect. Great graphics (for what they are) great music lots of little unlocks to help keep things fresh.My only complaint is that the ball lock camera could be much more useful if it would position better when you're below the ball.
Product received for free. Shut up and take my money! Good technique of making it free to play for a while. Addictive and immense fun with friends. 11/10 worth it!
Amazing game i always have fun with it and i recommend it to you guys to! D
Pros Good game.Nice concept.Lots of fun times and funny moments.Nice graphics.Con Bad community.Really fun game but if you do something bad or are losing prepare to be insulted.
Want to get mad and dumpster some 12 year olds playing splitscreen? In short its pretty fun
Product received for free. Rocket League is the best game I've ever played!
definitely worth buying!
AWESOME. As simple as that.
Really fun to play espacially with friends
This is one of those games that is generally awesome. Like the old cart racing + fighting games. It takes minutes to play and a very long time to master. I'd recommend anyone who likes driving games of any kind to give Rocket League a try. Watch some videos of others playing and decide for yourself.
Great game with a fun community. Players PLEASE don't just chase the ball and actually think about positioning! It will get you far P
Start of the match I rocket forward and hit the ball The ball went too high hit the top of the opponents' goal and bounced straight back at me. The ball bounced off the top of my car. The ball went into my own goal. Score 0 1.10/10 would own goal again.
Amazing games are those that are the first thing you think about when you wake up and is the last thing that you think about when you go to sleep. Rocket League is one of these amazing games. It has really cool features such as car customization and multiplayer. There is nothing that I can really think about that can fault this game. I definitely recommend this game to everyone. Thanks.
Very Nice Game
Product received for free. I like this game so much im Rookie but i play like a pro xD JK
Gustavo "The Panther" Bou would definitely play this game. This is awesome.
Nothing get my harder than dicking on some nerds on competitive doubles10/10
.
I hesitated a long time before buying this game i thought how fun can playing soccer with rocket cars really be?The answer was A whole lot of ing fun.It is easy to pick up hard to master. Beginners will have fun but when you start pulling off crazy moves like rocket jumps and saves it gets pretty exciting. The game has tons of unlockables to keep you interested but honestly it's just extra because the gameplay is where this game really shines. It's fun to play alone but a blast to play with friends plus it has split screen co op if you have multiple controllers and while you can play with a mouse and keyboard i highly suggest using a controller.Graphically the game looks amazing sharp graphics and effects vibrant colors. Plus it is optimized really well i'm pretty sure you could run this game on a microwave.Don't think my 11 hours played mean anything i bought the game 2 weeks ago and i'm going to keep coming back to it for a long time. It's a nice change of pace from killing stuff and shooting people in the head.Do yourself a favor and buy this okay?
buy install play and then master the game D&gt first touch proud of yourself&gt miss the ball who can score ?!&gt score the goal best player 3&gt save the ball best defender/goalkeeper 3&gt lags? just server connection xD (common problem)+Downloadable content (DLC)+good graphics+can play with friends+full contoller support R.I.P Fifa11/10 Better the Fifa
Rocket League is super fun for everyone! It can be as rewarding and challenging as you and your teammates make it for yourselves. Learning to fly is the best part and it pays off with great shots and the sort of big memorable highlights (of teamwork or that solo goal) that make playing rocket car soccer somehow seem way more exciting than it should be. As someone who is not into sports games I was pleased to have this to play with my friends. Some complaints would be the server issues so far and the grouping system. As well as some of the very frustrating traits of the AI. But all in all 5/5 D
This game is very difficult to be played but it is very good at the same time! D
Very fun fast paced game. Maybe a tiny bit hard to control but i guess that's part of the learning curve.
10/10 it's ok
Ruined friendships that I never had. 10/10
Sometimes my teammates make me want to kill myself10/10
Best Soccer Game!
its good
A Very Good Game It Is Easy And Fun I Rate 10000/10000
good game
This game is amazing! If you have any friends to play this with it gets so addicting but it's all worth it D.
Nice game not more than that
I found it fun as soon as I picked it up. It's definitely worth a buy even if you're not into sports and/or cars.
Rocket League is possibly one of the best games I ever played on Steam! As I keep on returning to it as much As I can!It is a fast paced game were you play as a mini car and make attempts to score against the enemy team similar to real sports like soccer hockey and basketball! And this is coming from a guy who doesn't care much about sports! But the game is so engaging that I just can't help myself but to play! But on the other hand this game can be repetitive at times and can cause eye strain if you play for too long! The season mode also kind of stinks. But regardless of that this game is a BLAST and would reccommend it to anyone including those who aren't into sports very much!Final Score 8.5/10 Epic game!
This game has grown a lot from the bottom to the top. Its so addicting!! It needs a lot of practice tought. But once you get it done you can score some good goals like i have! Also if you want to learn things quick you can watch videos that help you a lot! Those guides will help you out there. And if you want to watch entertaining videos check our JHZER's youtube channel! He does some overpowered stuff. There are more things to do aswell! You can open crates and get stuff to costumize your car with. If you want to give your friend a useless item you can trade him the item. You can also buy dlc's that give new cars and costumasation. Buy the game. You will love it and you will meet new friends to play with!
Best game ever
It's a different cool game!!9/10
This game it's SO ADDICTIVE that you can play for HOURS without even realising that it passed 5 minutes ! It's fun it's competitive it's fast I really really love it and I recommend this to every player looking for a fun addictive game to play ! )
This game is 10/10. "What A Save!"I'll forever spam 242424 when I score in any game thanks Rocket League.
Hands Down one of the best games I have played in recent years. This game fun alone and even better with friends 10/10.
Cars. Cars and balls. Cars and balls and rockets. Cars and balls and rockets adn goals. GOOOOOOOOALS! Seriously though this game is fantastically addictive and is one of those titles that you'll find yourself loading up for a couple minutes just to play a round or two before leaving the house for the day. Awesome game play with solid graphics for the genre however you really do need a controller in order to play the game properly so keep that in mind before buying.
This is probably the best game I have ever played I'm hooked. Its competetive mode doesn't take nearly as much time as say CS GO or LoL and it's perfect for eSports. A player who has never played or heard of the game can easily watch and understand a tournament where very good players are competing. (Unlike games such as LoL) Even when you think you're really good there's always someone who discovers another hard and useful thing to know. 11/10 would post this review again
greatest sports driving game of all time must buy 10/10
Just started playing but its pretty fun. Extremely easy to understand but hard to master. Good mix of fun and difficulty.
After 900 hours in this game I still have as much fun as the first time I played it. I think that says enough. WAY worth those 20 bucks. And if you happen to purchase it on a sale like I did well it feeels like you are actually robbing them.
Good game
Its amazing. This game will be the next football
Football. With cars. WITH ROCKETS!10/10 would backflip car into giant hockey puck again. And will presumably.Actual review AMAZING! Bought for 20% off but well worth full price. I thought I wouldn't like it or that the online play would be too intense/competitive ala competitive fighters/racing games. But I've only been playing a couple of days and I'm already getting MVP trophies the controls are so simple and intuitive the camera options make it MUCH easier than you'd think to keep track of the ball and line up shots and most importantly it's SO FUN!
Extremely addicting satifying frustrating &amp sexy. You fly you dunk you skate you boost you drive! Make goals look cool block goals look good and drive! What are you waiting for?!
very good game but it takes time to know when to jump
only if the servers were better it would be the best game i ever playedstill cant stop it 10/10
Plusses The controls are tight and the gameplay is deep the graphics are slick the music is bumpin' and the game is fun.Minuses The community is not as friendly as it could be not a lot of content or story. Other notes There is paid DLC but it is tastefully done. The mechanical skill required is difficult for newcomers but rewarding to learn.
Do NOT buy this game if you want a CASUAL soccer/football game with cute little cars because this is not it. It is very competitive from the very first minute you start the game. You go into casual with lvl 1 and you are gonna get called a noob even tho you have never played this game before.Pros Pretty graphics car customizations and colors of trails competitive matchmaking Not only soccer/football but basketball hockey and loads of gamemodes Download custom created map types or create your own 1v1 2v2 3v3 4v4Cons The community is bad like in CS GO seriously these guys will make fun of how you play even if you just started to play it in casual you make one wrong move and your mate will leave the game immediately saying "noob mate gg"Buy this game only if you want to be very competitive and can handle other teamˇs trash talk. Rating 8/10
I like the fact about this game that I can compete online locally with a friend sitting next to me it's really fun. There's 4 player local support which is pretty neat. There's also cross platform play we once played aganist my friend's brother who was playign aganist us on his PS4.Multi monitor users! Depending on how many screens you have you can arrange everyone their own monitors!I used my 165hz monitor downscaled to 1080p and my friend used my TV as his monitor. You can set up monitors pretty well with Nvidia control panel too.
ENJOYABLE GAME i really recommend
Product received for free. Good game. Easy to pickup hard to master!
Lots of fun and great graphics7/ 8 Graphics Stunning6/8 Controller and Keyboard support for good gameplay8/8 Community support and party suport (Steam Workshop).
FIFA? Nah.Need for Speed? Nah. Why not both? Rocket League? Yes! It's just lovely.
Simple concept game strangely addictive. 10/10Will out rank Raikar again.
its good! and fun to play with 'friends' if u have any
very low pcs can actually run this game! i have a 2.45ghz pc and it runs it perfectly at lowest graphical settings. and being at the lowest settings it dosent actually give you any disadvantage! if you think you cant get this game cuz ur pc. UR WRONG m8
Great game engine &amp graphics. A big + for so little but accurate control. It's also very addictive )
When I saw my car flying through the air like a graceful sack of rolling with absolutely no control and scored a goal somehow I knew it was a winner.One. More. Game.
Stupidly Addicting. I'd reccommend buying this game if your friends also have it.
muuuito divertido.
10/10 would buy again.
Honestly I played this on Xbox and have over 2000 hours on it and this game has made my life so fun because I get to throw my controller at my screen everytime someone 360 flicks me.
"Not connected to Rocket League servers" message of death. Done everything I've read anywhere to try to fix this issue from resetting internet options to port forwarding to reinstalling etc. etc. and I've contacted support for this game TWICE simply to get blown off with a "we're aware of this issue and are working on a fix though there is no estimated time for this fix's release." The game has not worked for over 4 months. Otherwise it's a fun as hell game to play with friends. If it works. Do NOT buy and waste money on DLC without proper game support unless you think it's worth the risk.
great game worth every penny
In less than 2 weeks I have 30hours ingame ) Every few months Psyonix makes and update with optimisations and usually a new map(s) )Also there are Champion Crates with items in it that you can open with keys(1.5 ) but they don't affect the gameplay they are only visual effects that you can add on your car. Also there are DLC s with new items and cars that cost 2 or 4 each. The game is very easy to understand but hard to master )Also skill cap is very high )I recommend you to play the game with controller it's much easier P
LOVE.
10/10 would do again.
k
Everything is perfect! An awesome upgrade over the previous game! PLease consider adding a LIGHTNING TRAIL or a FIREWORKS TRAIL! It would be amazing D Buy this game without second thoughs guys and gals!! You wont regret it!
AWESOOOOME !!!!
Love This Game. PSYONIX really does care about their game and I hope the game stays popular
What is there to say? This is probably one of the greatest all around games ever created. It's probably the most fun approachable multifaceted time consuming watchable games ever. No doubt. If you're actually reading this and you have not purchased Rocket League do it now and you won't regret it. Unless... by regret it... you might regret all of the time you'll lose as you sink your life into this game.
Message to all new users "Just hitting the ball doesn't mean that you are helping the team"
Product received for free. Really cool multiplayer game. Either online or at home with a bunch of controllers and some friends. The overall ambiance is well done and the game looks good without blowing out your computer (that's Unreal Engine to you).One slightly bad thing is that this game almost require you to have friends most of online randoms are jerks (would rather write insults in the chat instead of scoring points spams taunts when they score goals then blame luck when it's your turn) and the bots are incredibly unbalanced and not fun to play with (can score a long shot goal across the map while driving backwards and then will stop in front of a free goal just because they can on the same match).But the update gets better everytime I highly reccomand this game if you're sure you have friends to play with.
My most played game to date. The skill cap is so high and ever increasing there is always people of your skill level to play and it is satisfying to see yourself improve.
really great with friends.
play with a controller.
best game i've ever played O
It's a great game! D
Super cool game buy it !!! ) P D
best game ever
good game but need friends to make it a great game
Soccar is so awesome! D
One of the most anger inducing casual games I have ever played.
Believe me when I say this Rocket League has given me some of the most fun I've had in a game in a long time. Sure there will be the salt inducing moments. But pulling off that amazing shot when you flipped into the air and had the ball sail just barely over the goalie's head that brings more satisfaction then anything else in life. Grab some friends and jump right into the game!
10/10
gg ez
Do you wanna have lots of fun? Lots of rage? Lots of unforgettable moments? Buy Rocket League! From the moment i bought it i felt that there is something special that makes me just wanna sit down and enjoy this amazing game. It's true that there are many annoying people (kids mostly) that will yell at you tell that you are a noob even though you are at the top of a leaderboard bud honestly i don't care about them i don't care about their poor lives. Well... Like i said if you want to have lots of fun buy it it's not not expensive. When you get more to the game you should also consider buying car packs they make the game you know more cozy DPros +Very good graphical quality (game is running on Unreal Engine)+Many cars+Lots of modes+Items+Customisation+Fun+Cons Annoying people and now there was added cross platform play so those console peasants will just spam the out of their pre written messages!11/10 wheels would recommend this game.
FIFA2050The way it's meant to be played!
If you didn't already know Rocket League is a phenomenal game. It puts soccer in cars together better than Top Gear ever could. The Esports connection adds just that much more to it. It is an easy game to pick up and even easier to have fun playing it. This is also the perfect game to sit down and play with friends. Once you start playing this long enough you'll realize that to get more experienced you will have to work hard and that is one of the reasons I still keep coming back and playing Rocket League. 100% recommend.
Short Review Easy to run fun to around in with a few buddies and just fun as.Graphics 8/10Gameplay 9/10Peformance 10/10Overall 9/10
One of the most fun competitive games out there
Balls and Cars Cars and Balls. Bomp Bomp Bomp.
This is a really amazing game. I got it a little under a year ago and i've played it a lot since. I think its THE best game out there with respect to a few other games. It has really great graphics if you can run them. Its physics are what you would expect from a game where cars can fly. They really make the game much much more fun. The system they have for finding a game is really good. You normally get into a game in around a minute or two. Overall a very good game just wish they wouldn't make the DLC's 2 Dollars EACH jeez Rocket league.
One of the best games I've ever played. The developers are great and add all sorts of stuff to the game free of charge. One of the few games where I will pay for cosmetic DLC just to support the makers. Rumble is chaotic fun this game just keeps getting better and better.
Soccer is 50 times more exciting when you add rocket powered cars. Come to think of it What wouldn't be?
A truly fantastic game. Mechanics are simple but the game itself is VERY addicting. 10/10.
i lik dees gam
Had a friend buy me this game didnt think i would get the money he spent on it out of it. Look at my profile and hours played now
Dude let me tell you something. This game is probally one of the best of the best. I love it and you should TOO! Okay do you understand me LOVE ME! Rocket League.
Very nerdy game 10/10
Addicting Fun An actual high Skill Ceiling. Although i dont play it anymore i can see the appeal for sure. Would buy again.
Easy to learn hard to master. I return for quick match just for fun.
Highly recommended to anyone love playing the game in solo or with friends.
nice game and time waster
Honestly the best game of all time you will keep coming back!
ing amazing!
Realise your eSports career with Rocket League. As you advance into the game and develop your playing style this game opens up.
Great game to play for 30 mins only xD if played more you might get a bit salty. Rated 5 Stars for 30 mins
dare you join the league of rockets?
Rocket League is the greatest game ever not including Hello Kitty Island Adventure. I thought I lived before Rocket league but I only just started living.
Very funny game
ing noob team
Rocket League is just fantastic! I play on a Mac and I can have low settings but have the game look and play well. I get about 40 to 60 FPS and honestly I cannot stop playing Rocket League. 10/10 would Rocket League again.
Beautiful game
banned for 24 hrs for responding to someone that instigated my friend and I intentionally. worth noting i didnt swear or engage in any hate speech whatsoeverdont buy unless youre prepared to censor yourself despite the toxic community that by a large margin pervades every facet of communicationgame is good. developers are babies. majority of playerbase is composed of incorrigible abominations of hate and sweaty palms.if youre a mute and cant type i very much recommend this game
Product received for free. Nice game!!!
As the creation of this game has to be happened Two slightly drunk game developers sitting in a bar talking "You know what's nice? Football!""Yeah but cars are dope too!"Both "Duuuuuuuuuude!"
D Lets Fu*ck Dup
One of the best games I have ever played. The 5 minute game length makes it perfect for when you want to take a break inbetween working sessions. It's easy to play but hard to master which means it has a very high skill ceiling. You can play for hundreds of hours and still have a lot to improve. Remember to keep your camera locked to the ball and only switch when you are going to turn back and get the boosts!
This game is good football but with cars and rockets worth it 1000 hours doesn't lie
A lot of fun.
10/10 would play again
Love this game and playing it in 60 frames instead of 30 on console is a nice bonus. Just wish i could play with console friends on the steam version. 10/10 IGN
Great game maybe it's just a Pong on steroids but isn't Pong the best game ever?
Awesome GAMe
Low skill floor high skill ceiling. Most screaming since Mario Party 2.
Super fun
This game is an addiction.... I got this game less than a day ago and I have 7 hours of playing now... If you do get this game proceed with caution.
10/10 Favorite game in my collection of over 100 games. Buy it. Just buy it.
This game is easy to learn and hard to master. The fine control skills needed for this game compare to many FPS games.
hate football gameshate car gamesLOVE rocket leaguegreat game to play with friends or alone to pass time or even get sucked into.there is always new tricks or tactics to learn and always a way to be done over by the other team very challenging at times but in a way to push you on to become a better playerthis game is like a really hot girl with an STD really bad for you but you cant help but come back for more
I love it its fun and so addictive when you score wether its just a normal shot to an arial goal. its friendly most of the time people get salty if you miss now and again but it took a while for me to experiance that side of the game. overall great game and fun gamemodes.